ARMOR OF THE FALLEN LEAVES [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 17,350 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 15 lb. 

A riot of red, yellow, and orange leaves has been sewn together into a rigid suit of armor resembling a breastplate. 
This suit of armor functions as a +1 wild breastplate if you are neutral good, lawful neutral, neutral, chaotic neutral, or neutral evil. Because it is nonmetallic, wear. ing this armor does not violate a druid's spiritual oaths, though it has the durabil. ity of steel. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, once per day you can cause the leaves of the armor to turn brown and scatter on the breeze. During this process, you merge with the fallen leaves and disappear. Though the leaves appear to flutter near the ground, they are actually under your disembodied control. While in this state, you can move and interact with your environment as if you were under the effect of a gaseous form spell. This effect lasts for up to 30 minutes or until you use a standard action to end it. 
To use the relic power, you must wor. ship Obad-Hai and either sacrifice a 4th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 7 HD. If you sacri. fice a 6th-level divine slot (or have the True Believer feat and at least 11 HD), you can use the relic power two times per day. 
Lore: The first suit of armor of the fallen leaves was sewn together by Ehlonna and presented as a gift to Obad-Hai (Knowl. edge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, baleful polymorph, gust of wind. 
Armor of the fallen leaves 
Cost to Create: 8,500 gp (plus 350 gp for masterwork breastplate), 680 XP, 17 days. 

BARRICADE BUCKLER Price (Item Level): 4,165 gp (9th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 5 lb. 
This buckler is set with numerous polished green stones: one at its center, and the rest in concentric rings around it. The center stone is the smallest, with larger stones in each ring toward the buckler's edge. 
By speaking the command word, you can transform this +1 buckler into a 5-foot-by-5­foot vertical wall of force. The wall persists for 1 minute or until you speak a second 
command word to return the buckler to its normal condition. The wall of force ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, wall of force. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp (plus 165 gp for masterwork buckler), 160 XP, 4 days. 
BEARSKIN ARMOR 
Price (Item Level): 14,350 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) 

transmutation Activation: — and swift (command) Weight: 30 lb. 
Shaggy black fur, like that of a great bear, covers this metal breastplate. 
While wearing this +1 breastplate, you gain a +2 competence bonus on grapple checks. In addi. 
tion, the armor has three special properties. Once per day, you can 
activate the armor to gain a +4 enhancement bonus to Constitution for 9 minutes. 
Two times per day, you can activate the armor to gain the scent special qual. 
ity (MM 314) for 5 rounds. 
Three times per day on command, the armor allows you to sprout a pair of claws. These claws deal 1d6 points of damage each (assuming you are Medium) and extend your natural reach by 5 feet. You can attack with both claws as though they were primary natural weapons. Alterna. tively, you can use a single claw to make an attack as a natural secondary weapon (-5 on the attack roll, no effect on your other attacks). These claws last for 5 rounds. 
The special properties of a suit of bear. skin armor function normally while you are in wild shape (although it does not grant its armor bonus to AC). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, bear's endurance, wild shape. 
Cost to Create: 7,000 gp (plus 350 gp for masterwork breastplate), 560 XP, 14 days. 

DRAGONRIDER ARMOR 
Price (Item Level): 18,300 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 50 lb. 
This armor seems to be made from old, worn dragon scales, which give it a pleasantly rustic look. 
This suit of +1 dragonhide full plate is made 
from cast-off scales rather than the hide of 
a slain dragon. While wearing it, you have 
resistance 10 against the form of energy 
associated with the breath weapon of the 
dragon that provided the scales (such as 
fire, in the case of red dragonrider armor). 
You also gain a +5 competence bonus on 
Ride checks you make while riding any 
creature of the dragon type. 
In addition, dragonrider armor automati. 
cally produces a feather fall effect (as the 
feather fall spell) if you fall more than 5 feet 
while wearing it. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 
Armor, cat's grace. 
Cost to Create: 7,500 gp (plus 3,300 gp for 
dragonhide full plate), 600 XP, 15 days. 
EARTHPLATE ARMOR 
Price (Item Level): 41,650 gp (17th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 70 lb. 
At first glance, this suit of full plate looks filthy and ill kept. On closer examination, you can see it is expertly crafted, and what appears to be dirt is actually the color of the metal itself. A black crystal shard is set horizontally into the front of the armor across the abdomen. Runes in the Gnome language mark its greaves and gauntlets, and the aroma of fresh earth seems to emanate from the suit. 
A suit of earthplate armor functions as +1 
full plate. Once per day while wearing this 
armor, you can activate a stoneskin effect, 
as the stoneskin spell. As long as this effect 
is active, you also gain tremorsense out 
to 5 feet (MM 316). Both effects last for 
90 minutes or until the stoneskin effect 
absorbs 90 points of damage, whichever 
comes first. 
Prerequisites: Bind Elemental (ECS 51) 
or Craft Magic Arms and Armor, planar 
binding, stoneskin. 
Cost to Create: 20,000 gp (plus 1,650 gp for masterwork full plate), 1,600 XP, 40 days. 
ELECTRIC EEL HIDE 
Price (Item Level): 14,165 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) abjuration 
Activation: Standard (mental) 
Weight: 25 lb. 
This armor is made from the rubbery black hide of some finely scaled fish or eel and is slick with a thin slime. 
When you activate this suit of +1 buoy. 
ant slick hide, it generates an electricity 
shield that lasts 5 rounds. Any creature 
that strikes you with a natural weapon, 
unarmed attack, or nonreach manu. 
factured weapon takes 1d6 points of 
electricity damage. This shield can be 
activated three times per day. 
In addition, while the electricity shield 
is active, you can make a melee touch 
attack to deal 5d6 points of electricity 
damage, if underwater, you can produce 
a lightning burst that deals 2d6 points of 
electricity damage to all other adjacent 
creatures. Using either of these abilities 
ends the electricity shield effect. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, freedom of movement, grease, shocking grasp. 
Cost to Create: 7,000 gp (plus 165 gp for masterwork hide), 560 XP, 14 days. 
Barricade buckler Dragonrider armor Electric eel hide Zombie hide armor 
EXOSKELETON ARMOR Price (Item Level): 21,350 gp (15th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) necromancy Activation: — Weight: 30 lb. 
Prepared from the remains of an animated skell eton, this armor covers the upper body with a white, riblike structure that resembles bleached bones. Large skulls serve as epaulets. 
A suit of exoskeleton armor provides pro­tection as a +1 breastplate and grants you damage reduction 5/bludgeoning while you wear it. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, animate dead, Knowledge (religion) 5 ranks. 
Cost to Create: 10,500 gp (plus 350 gp 

for masterwork breastplate), 840 XP, 
21 days. 
Exoskeleton armor Ghoul shell

FOXHIDE ARMOR Price (Item Level): 10,160 gp (13th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — and swift (command) Weight: 15 lb. 
This subtly crafted leather armor seems to have been formed from the hide of a single large fox, patches of red fur adorning many of the armor's curves and ridges. 
While wearing this suit of +1 leather, you gain a +2 competence bonus on Hide and Move Silently checks. In addition, the armor has three other special properties. 
Once per day, you can activate the armor to gain a +4 enhancement bonus to Intel­ligence for 9 minutes. 
Two times per day, you can activate the armor to gain the scent special quality (MM 314) for 5 rounds. 
Three times per day, you can activate the armor to gain the benefit of a pass without trace spell. While this effect is active, you can move through undergrowth at your 
armor Vampire hide armor 
normal speed without taking damage or suffering any other impairment (as the druid's woodland stride class feature). This effect lasts for 1 hour. 
The special properties of a suit of foxhide armor function normally while you are in wild shape (although it does not grant its armor bonus to AC). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, fox's cunning, pass without trace, wild shape. 
Cost to Create: 5,000 gp (plus 160 gp for masterwork leather), 400 XP, 10 days. 

GHOUL SHELL ARMOR Price (Item Level): 10,160 gp (13th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy Activation: Standard (mental) Weight: 15 lb. 
This armor consists of shaped and fitted sections of ghoul flesh sewn together to cover the entire body, except for the head, hands, and feet. A gaunt face is emblazoned on the chestpiece. 

This suit of +1 leather allows you to make up to three touch attacks per Hawkfeather 
day that replicate the ghoul touch 
spell (Fort DC 15 negates). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, create undead, Knowledge (reli­gion) 5 ranks. 
Cost to Create: 5,000 gp (plus 160 gp for masterwork leather), 400 XP, 10 days. 
HAWKFEATHER ARMOR 
Price (Item Level): 12,175 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: 20 lb. 
This suit of armor is covered by a layer of 
gigantic golden feathers that seem to shimmer 
in even the dimmest light. 
While wearing this +1 studded leather armor, you gain a continuous +5 compe­tence bonus on Spot checks. In addition, the armor has two other special abilities. 
Once per day, you can activate the armor 
to gain a +4 enhancement bonus to your 
Charisma for 9 minutes. 
armor 

Three times per day, you can cause the armor to sprout wings, allowing you to fly at a speed of 60 feet (good maneuver­ability) for 5 rounds. 
The special properties of a suit of hawk-feather armor function normally while you are in wild shape (although it does not grant its armor bonus to AC). This armor includes no metal parts, and thus druids are not prohibited from wearing it. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, eagle's splendor, wild shape. 
Cost to Create: 6,000 gp (plus 175 gp for masterwork studded leather), 480 XP, 12 days. 

KYTON ARMOR 
Price (Item Level): 13,100 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 11th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) 
transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 12 lb. 

This armor of black chain links has obviously 
seen heavy use: Five long lengths of chain, to which nasty-looking barbs and small blades are affixed, have unraveled and now dangle free from the bottom of the chestpiece. 
This suit of armor functions as a +1 
mithral shirt. When you activate it, 
one of the five dangling chains makes 
one melee attack (using your base attack 
bonus) against an adjacent creature of your choice. The chain deals 1d6 points of bludgeoning damage (no Str bonus on damage), and is treated as a magic weapon with an enhancement bonus equal to the armor's enhancement bonus to AC. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, animate objects. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp (plus 1,100 gp for mithral shirt), 480 XP, 12 days. 
Kyton armor 

MILLENNIAL 
CHAINMAIL [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 8,150 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) conjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 20 lb. 

This suit of armor feels like mithral chain-mail to the touch, but its minuscule rings are a pale green color that turn brighter when exposed to the sun. If you are chaotic good, chaotic neutral, or neutral good, millennial chainmail functions as +1 mithral chainmail while you wear it. It is considered light armor and has a maximum Dexterity bonus of +8, an armor check penalty of -2 , and an arcane spell failure chance of 15%. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, a suit of mill lennial chainmail painlessly extends tiny green roots into your skin when you don it. This effect grants you fast healing 3 as long as you are in brighter than shadowy illumination. 
To use the relic power, you must worship Corellon Larethian and either sacrifice a 4th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 7 HD. 
Lore: The original suit of millennial chainmail was created by a dryad cleric for her lover, an elf hero who kept the surrounding woodlands safe. Upon the elf's death, the armor was consecrated to Corellon Larethian, who duplicated it for several of his chosen heroes (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, regenerate. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp (plus 4,150 gp for mithral chainmail), 160 XP, 4 days. 
MITHRALMIST SHIRT Price (Item Level): 3,400 gp (8th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration Activation: Swift (mental) Weight: 10 lb. 
This delicate-looking chain shirt is forged 
from a silver-white mithral alloy that gleams 
like starlight. 
Up to seven times per day, you can activate this +1 mithral shirt to fill your space with a billowing silver mist. This gleaming fog grants you concealment against attacks 
Millennial Chainmail 
but does not interfere with your vision. The mist lasts for 1 minute per activation, and it remains in the space where you activated the effect (it doesn't move with you if you leave that space). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, obscuring mist. Cost to Create: 1,150 gp (plus 1,100 gp for mithral shirt), 92 XP, 3 days. 

OVERHEAD SHIELD Price (Item Level): 24,170 gp (15th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 15 lb. 
This whitewashed circular shield has a flat, perfectly smooth face interrupted only by a small blue rectangular crystal set into its exact center. 
Once per day, you can raise this +1 heavy steel shield skyward and command a hori­zontal wall of force into existence. The wall of force has a 20-foot radius and hovers 5 feet above you, remaining above you as you move. It blocks all attacks from above, including catapult missiles and indirect fire (PH2 161). The wall of force lasts as long as you concentrate, up to a maximum of 10 rounds. Because you must keep your shield arm raised while the wall of force is active, you gain no benefit to AC from this shield for the duration of the effect. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, wall of force. Cost to Create: 12,000 gp (plus 170 gp for masterwork heavy steel shield), 960 XP, 24 days. 
OWLFEATHER 
ARMOR 
Price (Item Level): 8,160 gp (12th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: 15 lb. 
A layer of white down and long gray owl feathl ers covers this strange leather armor. Affixed to the matching helm are a pair of sweeping, feathery horns. 
While wearing this +1 leather, you gain a +2 competence bonus on Listen and Move Silently checks. In addition, the armor has three other special abilities. 
Once per day, you can activate the armor to gain a +4 enhancement bonus to Wisdom for 9 minutes. 
Twice per day, you can activate the armor to gain a +5 competence bonus on Spot checks for 10 minutes; this effect functions only while in shadowy illumination. 
Three times per day, you can cause the armor to sprout wings, allowing you to fly at a speed of 40 feet (good maneuver­ability) for 5 rounds. 
The special properties of a suit of owl-feather armor function normally while you are in wild shape (although it does not grant its armor bonus to AC). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, owl's wisdom, wild shape. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp (plus 160 gp for masterwork leather), 320 XP, 8 days. 

SERPENT ARMOR Price (Item Level): 12,160 gp (13th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 15 lb. 
This suit of armor looks to have been made 
from the deep green scales of some giant snake. 
A serpentine motif gives the armor's gauntlets the appearance of fanged reptilian heads. Its belt looks like a coiled snake, and a gemlike slitted eye stares out from the gorget. 

This +1 leather provides you with a +1 resistance bonus on Reflex saving throws. While you wear it, you gain the benefit of the Combat Reflexes feat. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, cat's grace. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp (plus 160 gp for masterwork leather), 480 XP 12 days. 
SHIELD OF MERCY 
Price (Item Level): 2,170 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: —(held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration, 

transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 15 lb. 

This finely crafted shield is engraved with the image of a holy warrior healing a wounded beggar. 
A shield of mercy functions as a +1 heavy steel shield and also allows you to channel your destructive power into healing. You can expend a smite attempt (such as from a paladin's smite evil class feature or the granted power of the Destruction domain) to heal a creature by touch. The touched creature is healed of a number of points of damage equal to the extra damage that you would have dealt with the smite attack. For example, a 10th-level paladin could expend one use of her smite evil ability to heal 10 points of damage. 
If you also wear a magic item that grants an enhancement bonus to your Wisdom score, you add the item's bonus to the amount of damage healed by the shield of mercy. For example, if the 10th­level paladin described above also wore a periapt of Wisdom +2, each use of smite evil she expended would heal 12 points 
of damage.  
Prerequisites:  Craft  Magic  Arms and  
Armor,  cure  moderate  wounds,  owl's  
wisdom.  

Cost to Create: 1,000 gp (plus 170 gp for masterwork heavy steel shield), 80 XP 2 days. 
SHIELD OF THE RESOLUTE [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 5,520 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: 7 lb. 
This shield is made from hundreds of strips of mithral, each a different size, color, and texl ture, riveted together in a patchwork design. Like other mithral shields, it is unusually light for its size. 
Shield of mercy 
Despite its motley appearance, a shield of the resolute is a bulwark of defense. It func­tions as a +1 light fortification heavy mithral shield, provided that you are lawful good, neutral good, or lawful neutral. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, a shield of the resolute terrorizes enemies of the dwarves. Every goblinoid and giant within 30 feet of you that gazes upon the shield must succeed on a DC 17 Will save or be shaken (if its Hit Dice are equal to or greater than yours) or frightened (if it has fewer Hit Dice than you do) for 2 rounds. This effect functions like a gaze attack, so the saves must be made at the beginning of each affected creature's turn every round, unless it takes measures to avoid seeing the shield (see DMG 294 for gaze attack rules). Unlike with a true gaze attack, you can't use a standard action on your turn to use this effect against a creature. Once a creature has failed the save, the shield's power has no further effect on that crea­ture for 24 hours. 
To use the relic power, you must worship Moradin and either sacrifice a 6th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 11 HD. 
Lore: Shields of the resolute are said to be assembled from pieces of the shields carried by dwarves who fell in battle defending their homelands. When the Soul Forger gathers their souls, he creates these shields in his forge in remembrance of their valor (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, fear, limited wish or miracle. 
Cost to Create: 2,250 gp (plus 1,020 gp for heavy mithral shield), 180 XP, 5 days. 


SHIELD OF THE SEVERED HAND [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 4,657 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) evocation 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: 10 lb. 

This heavy wooden shield is emblazoned with a gory handprint and decorated with bloody symbols. The bloody marks appear fresh and wet. 
This gory item is favored by orcs for its shock value to enemies, as well as for its special properties. A shield of the severed 
hand functions as a +2 heavy wooden shield if you are chaotic evil, chaotic neutral, or neutral evil. Relic Power: If you have estab­lished the proper divine connection, 
you can activate this shield to make an immediate bull rush attempt (with a +4 bonus on the Strength check) against an adjacent oppo­
nent that has just attacked you in melee. This action does not provoke an attack of opportunity from that opponent. You can't fall prone during this attempt, and you can't follow the opponent if you push it back. 
To use the relic power, you must worship Gruumsh and either sacrifice a 4th-level divine spell slot or have the 
True Believer feat and at least 7 HD. 
Lore: The original shield of the severed hand was created when an orc warrior chopped off the hand of an elf king and mounted it on his shield. Upon the warrior's death, the shield was placed on his blazing funeral pyre. Afterward, it was found intact amid the ashes, still bearing the palm print of its grisly burden (Knowl­edge [religion] DC 20). 
Shield of the severed hand 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, Bigby's forceful hand. 
Cost to Create: 2,250 gp (plus 157 gp for masterwork heavy wooden shield), 180 XP, 5 days. 
TIGERSKIN ARMOR Price (Item Level): 17,100 gp (14th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — and swift (command) Weight: 25 lb. 
Striped fur, smelling thickly of some great beast, covers this chain shirt. 
While wearing this +1 mithral shirt, you 
gain a +2 competence bonus on Climb, 
Hide, Jump, and Move Silently checks. 
Tigerskin armor 

In addition, the armor has three other special abilities. 
Once per day, you can activate the armor to gain a +4 enhancement bonus to Dexter­ity for 9 minutes. 
Two times per day, you can activate the armor to gain the scent special quality (MM 314) for 5 rounds. 
Three times per day on command, the armor allows you to sprout a pair of claws. These claws deal 1d4 points of damage each (assuming you are Medium) and extend your natural reach by 5 feet. You can attack with both claws as though they were primary natural weapons. Alterna­tively, you can use a single claw to make an attack as a natural secondary weapon (-5 on the attack roll, no effect on your other attacks). If you charge a foe, you can attack with both claws at the end of the charge. These claws last for 5 rounds. 
The special properties of a suit of tigerskin armor function normally while you are in wild shape (although it does not grant its armor bonus to AC). Despite its mithral construction, druids are not prohibited from wear­ing this armor. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, cat's grace, wild shape. Cost to Create: 8,000 gp (plus 1,100 gp for mithral shirt), 640 XP, 16 days. 
VAMPIRE HIDE ARMOR Price (Item Level): 21,175 gp (17th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy Activation: — Weight: 30 lb. 
This armor is prepared from a single layer of vampire skin and decorated with flanges and spikes. A gaunt, skull-like face with bat wings at the temples decorates the 
chestpiece. 
In addition to providing the protective qualities of +1 studded leather, a suit of vampire hide armor grants you damage 
reduction 5/silver or magic. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, create undead, Knowledge (religion) 5 ranks. 
Cost to Create: 10,500 gp (plus 175 gp for masterwork studded leather), 840 XP, 21 days. 
WIGHT ARMOR Price (Item Level): 14,175 gp (14th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 20 lb. 
On the breast of this black studded leather armor is the image of an oversized skull gnashl ing its pointed teeth. Severe edges give the armor a decidedly intimidating appearance. 
When you activate this +1 shadow studded leather, it makes a single touched creature or yourself imperceptible to undead (as if affected by the hide from undead spell). That creature also gains darkvision out to 60 feet while so affected. 
This property functions three times per day, and the effect lasts for 1 hour. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, darkvision, hide from undead. 
Cost to Create: 7,000 gp (plus 175 gp for masterwork studded leather), 560 XP, 14 days. 

WIGHT HIDE SHIELD 
Price (Item Level): 9,159 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: 6 lb. 

Wight hide shield 

This shield is covered in the hide of a wight, and in its center is a grotesque mockery of a humanoid face. When held, it seems to throb and pulse with unholy hunger. 
A wight hide shield functions as a +1 light steel shield. When you use a shield bash 
, attack with a wight hide shield to deal damage to a living creature, the target must succeed on a DC 14 Fortitude save or gain one negative level (see PH 125 for rules on shield bash attacks). 
A wight hide shield can bestow no more than three negative levels per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, create undead, Knowledge (religion) 5 ranks. 
Cost to Create: 4,500 gp (plus 159 gp for masterwork light steel shield), 360 XP, 9 days. 
Wight armor 
WRAPPED TOWER Price (Item Level): 6,180 gp (10th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy Activation: Immediate (command) Weight: 45 lb. 
This tower shield is parl 
tially swathed in the 
funerary wrappings of 
a mummy. Atop it is a 
crest modeled to depict 
the creatures horrifying, 
unwrapped visage. 

Once per day while 
using this +1 tower shield 
to gain total cover (PH 
125), you can activate 
its special property. At 
your command, the 
mere sight of the shield's 
mummylike facade 
requires each viewer in 
front of it to succeed on 
a DC 16 Will save or be 
paralyzed with fear for 
1d4 rounds. 

Prerequisites: Craft 
Magic Arms and Armor, 
create undead, Knowl­
edge (religion) 5 ranks. 

Wrapped Cost to Create: tower
3,000 gp (plus 180 gp 
for masterwork tower 
shield), 240 XP, 6 days. 


ZOMBIE HIDE ARMOR Price (Item Level): 16,165 gp (14th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) necromancy Activation: — Weight: 25 lb. 
This armor is prepared from a single layer of 
pieced and stitched zombie skin. Sections of the 

flesh appear rotted and torn. 
This suit of +1 hide grants you damage reduction 5/slashing. Though the armor sports various holes and rents, these imperfections in no way compromise its integrity. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, animate dead, Knowledge (religion) 5 ranks. 
Cost to Create: 8,000 gp (plus 165 gp for masterwork hide), 640 XP, 16 days. 
