ARMOR AND SHIELD AUGMENT CRYSTALS 
Augment crystals are a new category of magic item. See page 221 for details on how they function. 
CLASP OF ENERGY 
PROTECTION 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) (least), 1,500 gp (5th) (lesser), or 3,000 gp (7th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (shield crystal) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration Activation: — Weight: — 
Fire Protection 
This fiery red crystal is slightly warm to the touch. 
Cold Protection 
This icy clear crystal is covered in a thin layer of frost. 
Acid Protection 
This hazy green crystal hisses faintly when exposed to the open air. 

Electricity Protection This brilliant blue-white crystal crackles with static discharge when touched. 
Sonic Protection 
This deep purple crystal gives off a faint hum, and rings with a sonorous chime when tapped. 
A crystal of energy protection protects against a specific form of energy: acid, cold, elec­tricity, fire, or sonic. 
Least: This augment crystal grants resistance 5 to the designated energy type. Once the crystal has prevented a total of 25 points of energy damage, it becomes inert until the following day. 
Lesser: As above, except the crystal grants resistance 10, up to a maximum of 50 points per day. 
Greater: As above, except the crystal grants resistance 15, up to a maximum of 75 points per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, resist energy. 
Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day (least); 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days (lesser); 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days (greater). 
CRYSTAL OF ADAMANT ARMOR 
Price (Item Level): 300 gp (2nd) (least), 1,400 gp (5th) (lesser), or 3,400 gp (8th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (armor or shield crystal) Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — 
Weight: — 
This clasp holds a small diamond orb with a sphere of steel at its center. 
A crystal of adamant armor strengthens your armor or shield against damage. 
Least: This augment crystal improves the hardness of a suit of armor or shield by 2. 
Lesser: This augment crystal improves the hardness of a suit of armor or shield by 5. 
Greater: This augment crystal improves the hardness of a suit of armor or shield by 10. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, diamondsteel (SC 64). 
Cost to Create: 150 gp, 12 XP, 1 day (least); 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days (lesser); 1,700 gp, 136 XP, 4 days (greater). 
CRYSTAL OF 
ADAPTATION 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) (least); 1,500 gp (5th) (lesser); or 3,000 gp (7th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (armor crystal) 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
This bright green, circular crystal is pleasantly warm to the touch. 
A crystal of adaptation protects you from hostile environments, both terrestrial and extraplanar. 
Least: This augment crystal protects you from temperature extremes as an endure elements spell. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, and you are also protected from all alignment traits of any plane (DMG 149). 

Greater: As the lesser crystal, and you are also protected from the positive-domi­nant and negative-dominant traits of any planes (DMG 149). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, death ward, endure elements, protecl tion from chaos/good/evil/law. 
Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day (least); 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days (lesser); 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days (greater). 
CRYSTAL OF AQUATIC ACTION 
Price (Item Level): 250 gp (2nd) (least), 1,000 gp (4th) (lesser), or 3,000 gp (7th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (armor crystal) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This sea-green crystal always feels moist to the touch. 
A crystal of aquatic action aids the wearer while underwater. 
Least: Any armor bearing this augment crystal does not impose an armor check penalty on your Swim checks. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, and you also gain a Swim speed equal to one-half your land speed (round down to the next 5-foot increment). 
Greater: As the lesser crystal, and you also take no penalties on attacks or move­ment while underwater (as if under the effect of freedom of movement) and you can breathe water as easily as air. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, freedom of movement, water breathing. 
Cost to Create: 125 gp, 10 XP, 1 day (least); 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day (lesser); 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days (greater). 
CRYSTAL OF ARROW DEFLECTION 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) (least), 2,500 gp (7th) (lesser), or 5,000 gp (9th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (shield crystal) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
This blue sapphire is cut into a large cabo­chon. It contains a small flint arrowhead in its center. 
A crystal of arrow deflection protects you from ranged weapon attacks. Least: This augment crystal grants you a +2 bonus to AC against ranged attacks. Lesser: As the least crystal, except the bonus is +5. 
Greater: As the least crystal, and you can deflect one ranged attack per round as if you had the Deflect Arrows feat. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, shield. 
Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day (least); 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days (lesser); 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days (greater). 
CRYSTAL OF 
BENT SIGHT 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — (shield crystal) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This small crystal is affixed to a plate of poll ished silver. 
A crystal of bent sight offers a great boon to any who face creatures that have gaze attacks. When this augment crystal is attached to your shield, you can avert your eyes from a creature that has a gaze attack without suffering a miss chance on your attack rolls against that creature. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, clairaudience/clairvoyance. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
CRYSTAL OF GLANCING BLOWS 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) (least), 3,000 gp (7th) (lesser), or 5,000 gp (9th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (armor crystal) 
Caster Level: 7th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
All the hues of the rainbow—and many more—shimmer and dance across the surface of this multifaceted crystal. 
A crystal of glancing blows causes your armor to turn aside grasping attacks. 
Least: This augment crystal grants you a +2 competence bonus on grapple checks to prevent a grapple from being initiated (but not any other kind of grapple check, including those to initiate or escape a grapple). 
Lesser: As the least crystal, but the bonus is +5. Greater: As the least crystal, but the bonus is +10. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, freedom of movement. 
Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day (least); 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days (lesser); 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days (greater) 
CRYSTAL OF 
LIFEKEEPING 
Price (Item Level): 200 gp (2nd) (least), 1,000 gp (4th) (lesser), or 5,000 gp (9th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (armor crystal) Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) necromancy Activation: —; see text Weight: — 
This bright crystal gleams and sparkles in the light. 
A crystal of lifekeeping wards you against necromantic and death effects. 
Least: This augment crystal grants you a +1 competence bonus on saving throws against energy drain attacks, inflict spells, death spells, and death effects. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, except the bonus is +3. 
Greater: As the least crystal, except the bonus is +5. In addition, if you fail a save against any of these effects, you can choose to reroll the save as an immediate (mental) action. This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, death ward. 
Cost to Create: 100 gp, 8 XP, 1 day (least); 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day (lesser); 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days (greater). 
CRYSTAL OF MIND CLOAKING 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) (least), 4,000 gp (8th) (lesser), or 10,000 gp (12th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (armor crystal) 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration 
Activation: —; see text 
Weight: — 
This crystal is black as a clouded night sky. 
A crystal of mind cloaking protects you against mental infiltration. 
Least: This augment crystal grants you a +1 competence bonus on saving throws against mind-affecting spells and abilities. 
Lesser: As above, except the crystal grants a +3 competence bonus. 
Greater: As above, except the crystal grants a +5 competence bonus. In addition, if you fail a save against a mind-affecting spell or ability, you can choose to reroll the save as an immediate (mental) action. This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, resistance. 
Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day (least); 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days (lesser); 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days (greater). 

CRYSTAL OF SCREENING 
Price (Item Level): 400 gp (2nd) (least), 1,000 gp (4th) (lesser), or 3,000 gp (7th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (armor crystal) 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
This smooth, deep blue crystal is warm to the touch. 
A crystal of screening enhances a suit of armor with force, enabling it to protect you against the attacks of incorporeal foes. 
Least: This augment crystal imposes a -2 penalty on touch attacks made against you by incorporeal creatures. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, except the penalty is -5 . Greater: As the least crystal, except the penalty is -10. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, mage armor. 
Cost to Create: 200 gp, 16 XP, 1 day (least); 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day (lesser); 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days (greater). 

CRYSTAL OF STAMINA 
Price (Item Level): 300 gp (2nd) (least), 900 gp (4th) (lesser), or 2,700 gp (7th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (armor crystal) 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 
Activation: —; see text 
Weight: — 
This dull red crystal pulses in time with your heartbeat. 
A crystal of stamina protects you from assaults against your physical health. 
Least: This augment crystal grants you a +1 competence bonus on saving throws against disease and poison. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, except the bonus is +3. 
Greater: As the least crystal, except the bonus is +5. In addition, if you fail a save against a poison or disease effect, you can choose to reroll the save as an immediate (mental) action. This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, neutralize poison, remove disease. 
Cost to Create: 150 gp, 12 XP, 1 day (least); 450 gp, 36 XP, 1 day (lesser); 1,350 gp, 108 XP, 3 days (greater). 
IRON WARD DIAMOND 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) (least), 2,000 gp (6th) (lesser), or 8,000 gp (11th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (armor crystal) 
Caster Level: 7th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation 
Activation: — 

Weight: — 
This dun and ecru diamond is incredibly durable. 
An iron ward diamond lends its tough­ness to armor, helping it absorb blows in combat. 
Least: The least version of this augment crystal grants you damage reduction 1/—. This damage reduction stacks with similar damage reduction granted by any other source. Once the clasp has prevented a total of 10 points of damage, it becomes inert until the following day. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, except that it grants damage reduction 3/— until it has prevented a total of 30 points of damage. A lesser iron ward diamond func­tions only when attached to medium or heavy armor. 
Greater: As the least crystal, except that it grants damage reduction 5/— until it has prevented a total of 50 points of damage. A greater iron ward diamond functions only when attached to heavy armor. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, stoneskin. 
Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day (least); 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days (lesser); 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days (greater). 
RESTFUL CRYSTAL Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) Body Slot: — (armor crystal) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) enchantment Activation: — Weight: — 
This silver clasp is decorated with sparkling crystals shaped like stars. 
A restful crystal is a great boon to any war­rior who must stay always at the ready. Sleeping in armor that has this augment crystal attached does not make you fatigued. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, sleep. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
RUBICUND FRENZY 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) (least), 2,000 gp (6th) (lesser), or 6,000 gp (10th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (armor crystal) 
Caster Level: 11th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) enchantment Activation: — 
Weight: — 
This ruby is cut into a torus—beveled on top, flat below. It is meant to be attached to a suit of armor. 
A rubicund frenzy drinks your blood when you are wounded, whipping you into a savage frenzy. This item functions only for living creatures. 
Least: As long as your current hit point total is no greater than half your full normal hit points, this augment crystal grants you a +1 morale bonus on weapon damage rolls and saves against fear. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, except it grants a +3 morale bonus on weapon damage rolls and saves against fear. 
Greater: As the least crystal, except it grants a +5 morale bonus on weapon damage rolls and saves against fear. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, heroism. 
Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day (least); 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days (lesser); 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days (greater). 

A
sking a warrior to enter battle without his most trusted blade is like asking him to give up his right arm. A sturdy suit of armor might keep a fighter or barbarian alive, but without a good weapon in his hand, he can't win the battle. This chapter collects over 100 special 
Adamantine weapons are automatically of masterwork quality, and this cost is included in the weapon cost. 
Hardness and Hit Points: Each +1 of enhancement bonus adds 1 to a weapon's hardness and 1 to its hit points. Only the weap­on's actual enhancement bonus applies; special properties with an 
enhancement bonus equivalent for the purpose 
weapon properties, plus dozens of specific of determining market price don't increase the 
"The best defense is a 
magic weapons, each constructed with a par­hardness or hit points of a weapon. 
really angry offense."
ticular array of useful properties. Weapon Subtypes: Some weapon entries Special Materials: Five percent of weap­—Krusk, have a subtype, either "synergy" or "relic," in ons are made of unusual materials, such as half-orc barbarian brackets following the entry's name. A syn­
adamantine, cold iron, or alchemical silver. Each of these special materials allows the weapon to overcome the damage reduction of certain creatures. Table 2-1 summarizes the additional effects of the most common special materials used in weapons; see Special Materials, DMG 283, for more details. 
TABLE 2-1: WEAPON SPECIAL MATERIALS 
Material 
Adamantine 
Cold iron 
Silver, alchemical 
Effect 

Ignore hardness of less than 20 Magical enhancements x2 cost -1 damage 
*Includes 300 gp for masterwork component. 
ergy item has a synergy prerequisite, typically an existing special property already imbued into the weapon to be enhanced. A relic item has special effectiveness for a character devoted to a particular deity. Additional rules for creating and using these items appear in Chapter 6. 
Cost Modifier 

+3,000 gp* 
+2,000 gp 
+2 gp (ammunition) 
+20 gp (light weapon) 
+90 gp (one-handed weapon) 
+180 gp (two-handed or double weapon) 



WEAPON PROPERTIES 
A weapon with a special property must have at least a +1 enhancement bonus. You can't simply have a flaming longsword—it would have to be at least a +1 flaming longsword. A single weapon cannot have a modified bonus (enhancement bonus plus property bonus equivalents) higher than +10, nor can it have a market price (not counting special materials or the price of the masterwork weapon itself) of greater than 200,000 gp (or 200,000 gp for each end of a double weapon). For weapons that exceed these limits, see Epic Level Handbook. 
Unless noted otherwise in the Prop­erty entry, each special property in this chapter can be added to any weapon. Some properties can be applied only to a particular category of weapons, and are so noted. A few properties can be added only to a smaller subset of a category (such as projectile weapons); this fact is stated in the item's Property entry. 
The items in this section are arranged alphabetically. 
ACIDIC BURST [SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) and 
Synergy Prerequisite: Corrosive 
The surface of this weapon is pitted and worn. 
An acidic burst weapon functions as a corrosive weapon (see page 31). 
In addition, the weapon automatically showers an opponent with acid upon a successful critical hit, dealing extra acid damage as set out on the table below. This acid does not harm you or any creature other than the target. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. Even if the weapon has not been activated to deal the extra 1d6 points of acid damage that comes from the corrosive property, the weapon still deals its extra acid damage on a successful critical hit. 
Critical Extra Multiplier Acid Damage x2 1d10 x3 2d10 x4 3d10 
Projectile weapons bestow this property upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Melfs acid arrow. Cost to Create: Varies. 
AQUAN Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation Activation: — 
Water constantly drips from the tip of this blue-green weapon. Its grip is inlaid with mother-of-pearl in a wavelike design. 
An aquan weapon automatically overcomes the damage reduction of any creature that has the fire subtype. In addition, the weapon deals an extra 2d6 points of damage against such creatures. 
An aquan weapon also bestows one negative level on any creature that has the fire subtype and attempts to wield it. The negative level remains as long as the weapon is in hand and disappears when the weapon is no longer held. This negative level never results in actual level loss, but it cannot be overcome in any way (including restoration spells) while the weapon is wielded. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, water subtype. Cost to Create: Varies. 
AQUATIC Price: +2,000 gp Property: Weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration Activation: — 
This weapon has a silvery-blue tinge, like the sheen of white scales in sunlight. 
While wielding an aquatic weapon, you do not incur any penalties that would otherwise apply to using the weapon underwater (DMG 92), as though you were affected by a freedom of movement spell. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 
Armors, freedom of movement. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
ARCANE MIGHT 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Bows (not crossbows) Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) transmutation Activation: Swift (mental) 

This elegant, supple bow has intricate runes carved along its length. 
You can channel the energy of your arcane spells through this bow to make the arrows fired from it more damaging. As a swift action, you can sacrifice a pre­pared arcane spell from memory (or an unused spell slot if you are a spontaneous arcane caster). Doing so grants a bonus equal to the sacrificed spell's level on the next damage roll you make with the bow that turn. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, greater magic weapon. Cost to Create: Varies. 
AURAN Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation Activation: — 
Wind constantly whistles along the length of this white-enameled weapon. Its grip is inlaid with whorls of silver that resemble clouds. 
An auran weapon automatically overcomes the damage reduction of any creature that has the earth subtype. In addition, the weapon deals an extra 2d6 points of damage against such creatures. 
An auran weapon also bestows one negative level on any creature that has the earth subtype and attempts to wield it. The negative level remains as long as the weapon is in hand and disappears when the weapon is no longer held. This negative level never results in actual level loss, but it cannot be overcome in any way (including restoration spells) while the weapon is wielded. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, air subtype. Cost to Create: Varies. 
BANISHING Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 13th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) abjuration Activation: Free (command) 

A barely visible bead of light slowly traces the outline of this weapon. 
When you strike an extraplanar creature of 26 Hit Dice or fewer while wielding a weapon that has this property, you can activate the weapon to banish that crea­ture back to its home plane (Will DC 20 negates). A creature so banished cannot return for at least 24 hours. A creature that succeeds on its save cannot be banished by the same weapon for 24 hours. 
If the creature struck has damage reduction that requires a particular weapon alignment or special material to overcome, increase the save DC by 2 for each such property shared by the weapon. For example, if you use a holy banishing cold iron weapon against a hezrou (damage reduction 10/good), the save DC would increase by 2, while against a marilith (damage reduction 10/ good and cold iron), the save DC would increase by 4. 
The banishing property can be acti­vated three times per day. Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, banishment. Cost to Create: Varies. 
BERSERKER Price: +1 bonus Property: Two-handed melee weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) enchantment Activation: — 
Though tarnished and battered, this simple weapon is incredibly durable, the scars of a hundred battles marring its surface. 
In your hands, a berserker weapon deals an extra 1d8 points of damage on any suc­cessful attack while you are raging. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, rage. Cost to Create: Varies. 
BINDING Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) abjuration Activation: Swift (command) 
This weapon has a length of chain looped deco¬ ratively around its grip or head. 
When you activate a binding weapon, the next successful attack you make with it before the end of your turn pre­vents the target from using any form of extradimensional travel, as the dimensional anchor spell. 
The binding property functions two times per day, and the effect lasts for 10 minutes. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, dimensional anchor. Cost to Create: Varies. 
BLESSED 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — and swift (command) 
This weapon has a faint glow emanating from within it. 
A blessed weapon is treated as good-aligned for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. This effect is continu­ous and requires no activation. 
In addition, three times per day you can activate a blessed weapon to automatically confirm all critical threats against evil foes for 1 round (as if the weapon were affected by the bless weapon spell). 
Other effects related to threatening or confirming critical hits (such as the keen edge spell or the vorpal weapon property) don't confer an additional benefit on a weapon that has this property. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, bless weapon. Cost to Create: Varies. 
BLINDSIGHTED Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) divination Activation: Standard (command) 
The form of a screeching bat's head adorns the end of this weapon, and images of wings and fluttering nocturnal forms run along its length. 
When activated, a blindsighted weapon emits a susurrus of whispered notes (Listen DC 10). While wielding the acti­vated weapon, you gain blindsight out to 30 feet. This effect is negated by silence spells and effects. 
The blindsighted property functions 
three times per day, and the effect lasts 
for 1 minute. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, see invisibility. Cost to Create: Varies. 
BLOODFEEDING 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) necromancy Activation: — and free (command) 
This weapon has a blood-red tint. 
Every time a bloodfeeding weapon deals damage to a living creature, it gains 1 "blood point," which it can store for up to 1 hour. The weapon can store a maximum of 10 blood points. This effect is continu­ous and requires no activation. 
When you deal damage to a creature while wielding a bloodfeeding weapon, you can activate the weapon to spend up to 5 stored blood points. Each blood point you spend in this way deals an extra 2 points of damage to that creature. The weapon doesn't gain any blood points from a strike on which you use this ability. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, vampiric touch. Cost to Create: Varies. 
BLOODSTONE 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) necromancy Activation: Free (command) 
The blade of this weapon bears red crystals carefully inlaid in intricate designs. 
A bloodstone weapon can store and cast a vampiric touch spell against a creature it strikes, just as if it were a spell storing weapon (DMG 225). Any such spell cast from a bloodstone weapon is automati­cally empowered (as if by the Empower Spell feat). A bloodstone weapon can store no more than one such spell at any time, and it cannot store a spell other than 
vampiric touch. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Empower Spell, vampiric touch. Cost to Create: Varies. 
BLURSTRIKE Price: +2 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) illusion Activation: Swift (command) 
A blurstrike weapon 
This weapon is semitransparent, almost as BODYFEEDER though it were glass, but it is obviously of Price: +3 bonus sturdier make. Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 9th When activated, a blurstrike weapon Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) necromancy partially fades from view for 1 round, Activation: — appearing only as a faint outline (though you, as the wielder, can see it normally). Composed of a dark, dull metal, this weapon When you attack, an activated blurstrike is cold to the touch. Indeed, it seems to absorb weapon (along with your hand and arm) your body heat. appears to others as an amorphous blur, preventing a foe from knowing exactly Whenever a bodyfeeder weapon you wield where the blow is aimed. After you activate scores a successful critical hit against a this property, your opponent is consid­living creature, you gain temporary hit ered flat-footed against the first attack points equal to half the damage dealt you make with the blurstrike weapon in by the critical hit. These temporary hit the round when you activate it. Creatures points last for up to 1 minute and don't that don't rely on sight for combat (such as stack with those from any other source, those with the blindsight special quality) including additional critical hits with and creatures with uncanny dodge aren't this weapon. treated as flat-footed against this attack. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 
The blurstrike property functions ten Armor, vampiric touch or claws of the vam­times per day. pire (EPH 84). Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Cost to Create: Varies. Armor, blur. Cost to Create: Varies. 
BRASH 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Melee weapon 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration 
Activation: — 

A slight vibration runs through this weapon, and a barely audible sound, like that of a dis¬ tant battle cry, seems to echo from within it. 
If you enter a rage while wielding a brash weapon, the rage lasts for an extra 3 rounds. In addition, while raging and wielding a brash weapon, you gain immu­nity to fear effects. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, remove fear. Cost to Create: Varies. 
BRUTAL SURGE 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Melee weapon 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation 
Activation: Swift (command) 

This weapon is broader, thicker, and darker in color than a normal weapon of its type. 
After a successful melee attack with a brutal surge weapon, you can command the weapon to initiate a bull rush attempt against the target of the attack in addition to dealing its normal damage. This attempt does not provoke attacks of opportunity and is resolved using your size, Strength, and other relevant characteristics. If you wield a brutal surge weapon in two hands, you gain a +2 bonus on the opposed Strength check. 
If successful, the bull rush pushes the affected creature back the greatest possible distance allowed by the result of the opposed check, but you do not move along with the target. Movement caused by this bull rush attempt provokes attacks of opportunity from other crea­tures normally, but you cannot make an attack of opportunity against the affected creature. 
The brutal surge property is usable a number of times per day equal to 1 + your Con bonus (if any). Once you activate this property, it can't be activated by any other creature until the following day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Bigby's forceful hand. Cost to Create: Varies. 

CHANGELING 
Price: +2,000 gp 
Property: Spear, shortspear, or 

longspear 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 

This spear appears to be made entirely of a metal with a bright silver sheen, and the head is joined seamlessly to the haft. 
A changeling weapon allows you to choose its length and appearance each time you attack with it. Once per round, by speak­ing the appropriate command word, you can change the weapon into a spear, a shortspear, or a longspear sized appropri­ately for you. As part of the same action, you can make its haft and head appear to be composed of any wood, stone, metal, or combination thereof that you want, and add any decorative flourishes desired, though the spear's actual composition does not change. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, shrink item. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
CHARGEBREAKER 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Melee weapon 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) enchantment 
Activation: — 

This weapon's tip is rounded slightly, like that of a jousting lance. 
Any charging creature hit by a charge-
breaker weapon must succeed on a 
DC 14 Fortitude save or be knocked 
prone. 

Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 
Armor, daze monster. 
Cost to Create: Varies. 

CHARGING 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 8th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — 
The image of a heavily armored, mounted knight, leveling a ribbon-covered lance for a charge, adorns this weapon. 
When you are mounted and wielding a weapon that has this property, you deal an extra 2d6 points of damage on a successful charge attack. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Spirited Charge, keen edge. Cost to Create: Varies. 
COLLISION Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: — 
This delicately balanced weapon settles into your grip as if you had wielded it for years. Its blue-gray hue shimmers as you heft the weapon. 
A collision weapon temporarily increases its own mass at the end point of each swing or shot. When you wield such a weapon, you deal an extra 5 points of damage with each hit. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, weapon of impact (SC 237). Cost to Create: Varies. 
CONSUMPTIVE 
Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) necromancy Activation: Standard (command) 
This weapon is dark in color, and its blade or head is covered with menacing runes. 
When activated, a consumptive weapon is shrouded in negative energy that seems to draw light into it. The negative energy does not harm you as long as you have the weapon in hand. The effect persists until you speak a second command word. A weapon that has this property deals an extra 1d8 points of damage to any living creature on a successful hit. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, enervation. Cost to Create: Varies. 
CORROSIVE 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) conjuration Activation: Standard (command) 
The surface of this weapon looks dark and pitted, and the blade, point, or head appears fragile, as if the first blow might break it. 
When activated, a corrosive weapon is sheathed in acid. The acid does not harm you as long as you have the weapon in hand. The effect persists until you speak a second command word. A weapon that has this property deals an extra 1d6 points 
of acid damage on a successful hit. Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, acid fog, acid storm (SC 7), Melf's acid arrow, or storm of vengeance. 
Cost to Create: Varies. 
CURSESPEWING 
Price: +3 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) necromancy 
Activation: — 

A barely perceptible dark glow surrounds this weapon. 
Whenever this weapon scores a critical hit against a target, it bestows a curse that imposes a -4 penalty on attack rolls, saving throws, skill checks, and ability checks for 1 minute. Multiple strikes aren't cumulative with one another. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, bestow curse. Cost to Create: Varies. 

DEADLY PRECISION Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — 
This weapon looks more slender and elegant than others of its type. Its blade, point, or head glitters as though a thousand tiny facets were reflecting the ambient light. 
A deadly precision weapon deals an extra 1d6 points of damage whenever you make a successful sneak attack or sudden strike (CAd 8) with it. The property grants no benefit if you don't already have one of these class features, and its bonus doesn't increase if you have both. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, keen edge. Cost to Create: Varies. 

DEFENSIVE SURGE Price: +1 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration Activation: Swift (command) 
This weapon is thicker and heavier than a normal weapon of its type, but it feels well balanced. Its hilt or grip is set with a smoothly rounded topaz. 
After a successful melee attack with a defensive surge weapon in any round in which you use the Combat Expertise feat or fight defensively, you can activate the weapon and gain an additional +2 bonus to Armor Class until the start of your next turn. 
This ability is usable a number of times per day equal to 1 + your Int bonus (if any). Once you activate this property, it can't be activated by any other creature until the following day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, shield. Cost to Create: Varies. 
DESICCATING Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 8th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) necromancy Activation: — 
This weapon looks cracked and parched, as if it has spent decades baking in the desert sun. 
A desiccating weapon destroys the water in a living creature that it strikes, deal­ing an extra 1d4 points of damage (or an extra 1d8 points against plants and against elementals that have the water subtype). 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, desiccating bubble (SC 63). Cost to Create: Varies. 
DESICCATING BURST 
[SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 12th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Synergy Prerequisite: Dessicating 
All the moisture seems to have been sapped 
from this brittle, gray weapon, as if it's been 
buried below shifting sands for centuries. 
A desiccating burst weapon functions as a desiccating weapon (see above). 
In addition, the weapon explodes with a dehydrating blast on a successful criti­cal hit, dealing extra damage as set out in the table below. (This effect activates even if the target is not normally vulnerable to extra damage from critical hits.) The amount of damage is determined by the weapon's critical multiplier and is doubled against plants and against elementals that have the water subtype. This burst does not harm you or any creature other than the target. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. Even if the weapon has not been activated to deal extra damage because of the desiccating property, the weapon still deals its extra damage on a successful critical hit. 
Plant/ Critical Extra Elemental Multiplier Damage Damage x2 1d8 2d8 x3 2d8 4d8 x4 3d8 6d8 
In addition, the critical hit renders the struck creature fatigued for 8 hours or until it consumes at least 1 gallon of water or some other rehydrating liquid. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, horrid wilting. Cost to Create: Varies. 
DISARMING 
Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 5th Aura: Moderate; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — 
Several jutting prongs and ridges extend from this weapon. 
A disarming weapon grants you a +2 bonus on disarm attempts. In addition, oppo­nents cannot disarm you of this weapon. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, bull's strength. Cost to Create: Varies. 
DISLOCATOR 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration 
Activation: Swift (mental) 

Discolorations in the surface of this weapon appear, then fade in a random pattern. An elaborate handle contains a thumb-sized indent. 
When you activate a dislocator weapon, the next successful attack you make before the end of your turn causes your target to be teleported up to 10 feet in any direction you choose (Will DC 17 negates). You can't teleport a target into an occupied space (such an attempt automatically fails and wastes the effect). 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty on their ammunition. A dislocator weapon functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, teleport. Cost to Create: Varies. 

DISLOCATOR, GREAT [SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Synergy Prerequisite: Dislocator 

Brilliant discolorations in the surface of this weapon appear, then fade in a random pattern. An elaborate handle contains a thumb-sized indent coated in gold filigree. 
This property functions as a dislocator weapon (see above), except the target can be teleported up to 30 feet in any direction (Will DC 20 negates). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, greater teleport. Cost to Create: Varies. 
DISPELLING 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration 
Activation: Free (command) 

Arcane symbols cover this weapon, but many are scratched out and defaced, obscuring any meaning. 
When you strike a creature or object with a dispelling weapon, you can activate it to target that creature or object with a tar­geted dispel magic effect (as the spell). 
A dispelling weapon functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, dispel magic. Cost to Create: Varies. 
DISPELLING, GREATER [SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Caster Level: 15th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) abjuration 
Synergy Prerequisite: Dispelling 

A single, incredibly complex arcane formula covers every inch of this weapon, but deep gashes and complex scratches cover it, as if purposefully destroying its meaning. 
This weapon functions as a dispelling weapon (see above), except that when you activate it, the creature or object struck is affected by a targeted greater dispel magic effect (as the spell). 
A greater dispelling weapon functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, greater dispel magic. Cost to Create: Varies. 
DIVINE WRATH 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 

This weapon has a golden sheen, and its grip is imprinted with a hand holding a lightning bolt. 
Divine wrath weapons are especially prized by paladins and clerics of Heirone¬ ous. Whenever you hold such a weapon in your hand, you can expend a turn undead attempt to imbue it with divine power for 1 round. If your next successful attack with it hits an undead target, the weapon deals an extra 1d6 points of damage per point of Charisma bonus you possess (minimum 1d6). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, searing light, turn undead, good alignment. 
Cost to Create: Varies. 
DOMINEERING Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) necromancy Activation: — 
A single, screaming skull adorns this weapon, its eyes set with raw black onyx inlays that give it a soulless look. 
A creature hit by a domineering weapon becomes shaken for 1 minute (Will DC 16 negates). This effect doesn't stack with itself or with any other fear effects (it can't render an already shaken creature frightened, for example). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, fear. Cost to Create: Varies. 
DOOM BURST Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) necromancy Activation: — 
This weapon is enveloped in a shroud of darkness. 
Whenever you score a critical hit with this weapon, a wave of blackness washes over the target, causing it to become shaken (no saving throw) for 5 rounds. This effect activates even if the creature struck is not normally subject to extra damage from criti­cal hits. This effect doesn't stack with itself or with any other fear effects (it can't render an already shaken creature frightened, for example). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, fear. Cost to Create: Varies. 
DRAGONDOOM 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) 
This weapon is engraved with a severed dragons head. 
When wielding a dragondoom weapon, you can choose to deliver a smite attack against a Large or larger creature of the dragon type up to three times each day. For every size category of the dragon larger than Medium, the smite attack deals an extra 1d6 points of damage (+1d6 against a Large dragon, +2d6 against Huge, +3d6 against Gargantuan, and +4d6 against Colossal). You must declare the smite attack before you make your attack roll. If the attack misses (or the creature you strike is not of the dragon type), the smite is wasted. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, fell the greatest foe (SC 90). Cost to Create: Varies. 
DRAGONHUNTER Price: +1 bonus Property: Projectile weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation, necromancy Activation: — 
This weapon is carved from a dragon's thighl bone. The image of a dragon's skeleton is inlaid in jet. 
A creature of the dragon type that is hit by a projectile fired from this weapon takes 1 point of Strength damage in addition to the normal damage from the weapon. In addition, the weapon's critical multiplier increases by 1 if the target is a dragon. For example, a critical hit from a dragonhunter longbow has a X4 damage multiplier (instead of the normal X3) against a dragon, so such a creature would take four times normal damage (but still only 1 point of Strength damage) with a critical hit. 
Other effects related to threatening or confirming critical hits (such as keen edge or bless weapon spells) don't function when placed on a weapon that has this property. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, keen edge, ray of enfeeblement. Cost to Create: Varies. 

EAGER Price: +1 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation Activation: — 
This weapon, which is decorated with a wing motif, vibrates slightly, as though with excitement. 
An eager weapon can be drawn as a free action. While wielding it, you gain a +2 bonus on initiative checks and a +2 bonus on damage rolls made during a surprise round and the first round of combat. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, cat's grace. Cost to Create: Varies. 

ENERGY AURA Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) evocation Activation: Standard (command) 
The surface of this weapon seems to gleam 
with ever-shifting colors. From time to time, it glows with heat, crackles with electricity, 
emits acrid-smelling fumes, or develops a rime of frost. 

Once activated, each hit by this weapon deals an extra 1d6 points of damage of an energy type of your choice (acid, cold, electricity, or fire, chosen when activated). This energy does not harm you, regardless of the type selected. The energy damage remains the same until you activate the weapon again. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. 

Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, chill metal, flame blade, Melfs acid arrow, shocking grasp. 
Cost to Create: Varies. 

ENERGY SURGE 
[SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Melee weapon 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Synergy Prerequisite: Corrosive, 
flaming, frost, or shock 
The pommel of this weapon bears a single dial mond that flashes with an inner radiance. 
An energy surge weapon functions as a weapon of the prerequisite type (corrosive, flaming, frost, or shock). 
In addition, on a successful melee attack with an energy surge weapon, you can command it to expel a blast of energy, of the same type as the prerequisite property, which deals an extra 3d6 points of damage to the target of the attack. The synergy prerequisite property need not be active to activate the energy surge property. 
This ability is usable a number of times per day equal to 1 + your Con bonus (if any). Once you activate this property, it can't be activated by any other creature until the following day. 
A weapon can have this property more 
than once, but only once per synergy pre­
requisite, and each activation only triggers 
one type of surge. For example, you could have a +1 corrosive surge flaming surge longsword, and each activation would deal either 3d6 points of acid damage 
or 3d6 points of fire damage. 
Each diamond set into the pommel or haft of an energy surge weapon radi­ates a different color that corresponds to the energy damage dealt by the weapon: green (acid), blue (cold), 
yellow (electricity), or red (fire). Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, spell for the prereq­uisite property. Cost to Create: Varies. 


ENERVATING 
Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) necromancy Activation: — 
This weapon looks worn and its blade has ruddy tinge, as though it has been stained with blood. Four blood-red rubies surround the weapon's bronze pommel. 
When you score a critical hit against a living creature with an enervating weapon, the weapon bestows one negative level on the target. 
Assuming the subject survives, it regains lost levels after 1 hour. Usually, negative levels have a chance of perma­nently draining a victim's levels, but the negative levels from the enervating prop­erty don't last long enough to do so. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, enervation. Cost to Create: Varies. 
ETHEREAL REAVER Price: +3 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) divination Activation: — 
This weapon appears ghostly, but it is as solid and unforgiving as any other of its type. 
An ethereal reaver weapon functions as a ghost touch weapon (DMG 224). In addi­tion, such a weapon allows you to see invisible creatures as if you were subject to a see invisibility spell. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, see invisibility. Cost to Create: Varies. 
EVERBRIGHT Price: +2,000 gp Property: Weapon Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation Activation: Standard (command) 
Flecks of marble and pearl shimmer across this weapon, set within images of bursting stars and beaming suns. 
An everbright weapon can flash with a brilliant light twice per day at your com­mand. When it is activated, all creatures within 20 feet of you are blinded for 1 round (Reflex DC 14 negates). 

An everbright weapon is also immune to acid damage and rusting effects. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, searing light. Cost to Create: Varies. 
FIERCEBANE [SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration 
Activation: — 
Synergy Prerequisite: Bane 
Carved into the handle of this weapon is a single rune in the Gnome language representl ing the foe the weapon is dedicated to slaying. 
A fiercebane weapon excels at attacking 
one type or subtype of creature. It acts 
as a bane weapon against the creature 
type (and subtype, if relevant) to which 
its synergy prerequisite ability was at­
tuned. Whenever it strikes its designated 
bane enemy, it begins to emit a low, eager 
hum, as if it were actually feeding off the 
victim's life blood. 
A fiercebane weapon glows when a des­
ignated foe comes within 60 feet, even if 
you cannot see or detect it. In addition, the 
weapon deals extra damage on every suc­
cessful critical hit. The amount depends 
on its critical multiplier, as follows. 
Critical Multiplier Extra Damage 
x2 1d1O 
x3 2d10 
x4 3d10 
Projectile weapons bestow this property 
upon their ammunition. 
Lore: Few rangers acquire the skills 
needed to create magic items, but the 
gnome ranger Tir Hearthand learned to 
hate orcs at an early age. Unsatisfied with 
normal orc bane weapons, he devoted the 
last half of his life to creating the ulti­
mate weapon for slaying orcs (Knowledge 
[arcana] or Knowledge [history] DC 20). 
The first fiercebane weapon was an 
orc bane scimitar sized for a gnome and 
named Hearthand, after its creator. Tir 
Hearthand wielded this weapon for many 
years, and it eventually achieved a near-leg­
endary status. Gnomes with an interest in 
weaponcraft now believe it to be a potent 
artifact capable of striking dead any orc 
that even sets eyes upon it. The original 
weapon is believed to have been lost in 
the dark hills near the long-dead orc king­
dom where Tir Hearthand met his end 
(Knowledge [arcana] or Knowledge [his­tory] DC 30). Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, summon monster I. Cost to Create: Varies. 

FLESHGRINDING 
Price: +2 bonus 
Property: Piercing or slashing melee 
weapon Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: Free (command) 
Upon close inspection, this weapon appears to have shallow serrations along its blade. 
You can activate a fleshgrinding weapon any time you deal damage with it to a living creature in melee. When this occurs, you let go of the weapon and it magically ani­mates, grinding itself into the foe's flesh. In each round at the start of your turn, it au­tomatically damages that creature as if you had scored a normal hit with it (including damage from the weapon's enhancement bonus, other weapon properties, and your normal bonus from Strength, but not extra damage from feats such as Power Attack). 
The grinding continues for 5 rounds or until you or someone else pulls the flesh-grinding weapon free; doing this requires a standard action and (for anyone other than you) a successful DC 20 Strength check. After the duration expires, a fleshgrind­ing weapon returns to your hand (as the returning weapon property). It will not return to your hand if the target has pulled the weapon free and still holds it. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, animate objects. Cost to Create: Varies. 
FORCE Price: +2 bonus Property: Projectile weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation Activation: — 
This weapon appears translucent, as though its substance is not entirely of this world. 
A projectile weapon with the force prop­erty turns ammunition shot from it into a force attack. These force projectiles auto­matically overcome damage reduction and suffer no miss chance against incorporeal targets, but they don't damage creatures immune to force effects. Ammunition shot 
from a force weapon deals the same amount of damage as normal ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, magic missile. Cost to Create: Varies. 

GHOST STRIKE [SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) conjuration Activation: — Synergy Prerequisite: Ghost touch 
Fine tendrils of white smoke slowly rise from this weapon's surface. 
A ghost strike weapon functions as a ghost touch weapon (DMG 224). In addi­tion, sneak attacks and critical hits made with a ghost strike weapon against an undead creature affect it as if it were a living creature. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, undeath to death. Cost to Create: Varies. 

HARMONIZING 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Melee weapon 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) illusion 
Activation: —; see text 

A strange melody seems to emanate from within this weapon. 
A harmonizing weapon accompanies you in song if drawn, granting a +2 compe­tence bonus on Perform (sing) checks. 
In addition, if you hold a harmonizing weapon when you begin a bardic music effect, the weapon can continue the effect for you, allowing you to focus on other efforts. One round after you begin a bardic music effect that allows or requires continued use or concentration (including inspire courage, countersong, fascinate, inspire competence, inspire greatness, song of freedom, and inspire heroics), the weapon picks up and continues the per­formance flawlessly for 10 rounds, until you start another bardic music effect, or until you command it to end as a swift (mental) action. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 
Armor, ghost sound, bardic music. 
Cost to Create: Varies. 

HEAVENLY BURST Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation Activation: — 
This weapon emits a low hum that sounds distinctly like a chorus chanting slowly. 
On a critical hit against an evil creature, a heavenly burst weapon discharges a shower of radiance that deals 3d6 points of damage to the target and blinds it for 1 round. A successful DC 14 Fortitude save negates the blindness. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, holy smite. Cost to Create: Varies. 
HIDEAWAY Price: +2,000 gp Property: Weapon Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) 
Several studs texture this weapon, as do numerl ous hinges and slots, though none seems to impede its effectiveness. 
When activated, a hideaway weapon folds up into a bundle two size catego­ries smaller than you, making it easy to conceal. You gain a +2 bonus on Sleight of Hand checks to conceal a hideaway weapon when it's folded up (as if it were a dagger). 
A second command word (also a swift action) causes the weapon to unfold to its normal shape. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, shrink item. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
HOLY SURGE [SYNERGY] Price: +1 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation Activation: — and swift (command) Synergy Prerequisite: Holy 
This elegant weapon appears smooth and pristine. 
Characters who serve gods of valor, honor, and other lofty principles craft these weapons of pure goodness for themselves and others who share their values. A holy surge weapon functions as a holy weapon (DMG 225). This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, on a successful melee attack with a holy surge weapon, you can command it to emit a burst of holy energy. Against an evil target, this burst deals an extra 3d6 points of damage. If used against a non-evil creature, it deals no additional damage, and that use of the property is wasted. 
This ability is usable a number of times per day equal to 1 + your Cha bonus (if any). Once you activate this property, it can't be activated by any other creature until the following day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, holy smite or holy word. Cost to Create: Varies. 
HUNTING Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration Activation: — 
This weapon bears toothlike inscriptions across its surface. 
A hunting weapon increases your bonus on weapon damage rolls by 4 against your favored enemies (see the ranger class fea­ture; PH 47). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, greater magic fang. Cost to Create: Varies. 
IGNAN Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation Activation: — 
Tiny flames constantly flicker along the surface of this red-tinted weapon. Its grip is inlaid with amber in a flamelike design. 
An ignan weapon automatically over­comes the damage reduction of any creature that has the water subtype. In addition, the weapon deals an extra 2d6 points of damage against such targets. 
An ignan weapon also bestows one negative level on any creature that has the water subtype and attempts to wield it. The negative level remains as long as the weapon is in hand and disappears when it is no longer held. This negative level never results in actual level loss, but it cannot be 
overcome in any way (including restoration spells) while the weapon is wielded. Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, fire subtype. Cost to Create: Varies. 

ILLUMINATING 
Price: +500 gp 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: — 

A sunburst set with topaz flecks gleams upon this weapon. 
When drawn, an illuminating weapon glows with pure white light, brightly illuminating a 20-foot-radius area and pro­viding shadowy illumination for another 20 feet beyond that. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, light. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 

ILLUSION BANE 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) divination 
Activation: — and swift (command) 

Worked into the grip of this weapon is an iron cross set in the center of two concentric circles. 
Any attack with an illusion bane weapon ignores any miss chance created by an illu­sion effect (including effects that mimic illusions, such as a displacer beast's dis­placement effect). However, you must still target the correct square when making an attack against a for that has total con­cealment. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, once per day you can acti­vate an illusion bane weapon to destroy illusion effects. This ability can take one of two forms: 
After hitting a creature, you can activate the weapon in the same round to make a dispel check (1d20+10) against each illu­sion spell currently affecting the target. This effect essentially acts as a targeted dispel magic spell, but it functions only against magic of the illusion school. You must make a separate check for each illu­sion spell affecting the target. 
Alternatively, you can attempt to dispel a single illusion by touching it with the illusion bane weapon and speaking the appropriate command word. For example, touching a silent image spell (or an image generated by the mirror image spell) with the weapon subjects it to the dispel check immediately. A successful check against any part of the illusion dispels the whole effect, so dispelling one mirror image ends the spell entirely for the target creature. 

Lore: The illusion bane property was created by a sect of the church of St. Cuthbert whose members despised illu­sionists and desired a way to destroy their protective illusions (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
An illusion bane weapon functions much like the dispel magic spell, but only against illusion effects (Knowledge [arcana] DC 25). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, true seeing, dispel magic. Cost to Create: Varies. 

ILLUSION THEFT 
[SYNERGY] 
Price: +2 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 17th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 23) divination 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Synergy Prerequisite: Illusion bane 
This dark metal weapon is crafted of black iron and adamantine worked into a simple design. Set into its pommel or grip is a cut and polished piece of quartz. 
An illusion theft weapon functions as an illusion bane weapon (see above). 
In addition, such a weapon allows you to disrupt opponents' illusions and trans­fer their protective qualities to yourself. The first illusion spell that this weapon dispels with its illusion bane property is automatically stored within it. This ability functions like the spell storing property (DMG 225), with the following exceptions. 
•	
 It must be an illusion spell, but it need not be 3rd level or lower. 

•	
 A spell cannot be cast into the weapon; it can store only a spell that it has actu­ally dispelled through the illusion bane ability. 

•	
 An illusion theft weapon need not actually strike a creature to activate the stored spell. 


The stored spell is preserved as originally cast in every way, except that its duration is effectively arrested at the time you steal it. As soon as the spell is stored, you imme­diately become aware of its effect and its remaining duration, and you can activate it at any time. You can choose a different target to be affected by the stored spell if you so desire. When the spell is activated, the duration begins passing again as if no time had elapsed. 
Once a stored illusion spell has been discharged, you cannot activate the weapon's illusion theft property again until you have successfully dispelled another illusion (using the illusion bane property), which is then stored within the weapon. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, true seeing, dispel magic. Cost to Create: Varies. 
IMPACT 

Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Bludgeoning weapon 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation 
Activation: — 

This weapon seems heavier than a typical weapon of its type, and its head and haft have a square design. 
An impact weapon has double the threat range of a normal weapon of its type. For example, an impact quarterstaff scores a threat on a roll of 19-20, and an impact heavy flail scores a threat on a roll of 17-20. This effect doesn't stack with any other effect that expands a weapon's criti­cal threat range. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, weapon of impact (SC 237). Cost to Create: Varies. 
IMPALING 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Piercing melee weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) 
This weapon has a particularly sharp and slim point. 
Three times per day, you can activate this weapon to treat its next attack (if made before the end of your turn) as a touch attack. You must declare that you are using this property before making your attack roll. If the attack misses, the use is wasted. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, find the gap (SC 91). Cost to Create: Varies. 
IMPEDANCE Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) abjuration Activation: — 
This weapon is reinforced with cold iron and set with chunks of obsidian in a foursquare pattern. 
An impedance weapon mimics the impeded magic planar trait (DMG 150). When you use it to strike a creature, the target's ability to cast spells or use spell­like abilities is impeded for 1d6 rounds. To cast an impeded spell or use an impeded spell-like ability, the creature must attempt a Spellcraft check, Intelligence check, or Charisma check (whichever one is made with the highest bonus). The DC for this check is 15 + the spell level. If the check succeeds, the effect functions normally; if the check fails, the effect does not function and the spell or the use of the spell-like ability is lost. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, antimagic field. Cost to Create: Varies. 
IMPLACABLE Price: +3 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) necromancy Activation: — 
This weapon has a lustrous purple sheen. 
When an implacable weapon deals damage to a living creature, the wound bleeds pro­fusely and the creature takes 2 additional points of damage at the start of each of the wielder's turns for the next 5 rounds. Multiple wounds are cumulative (a crea­ture struck three times in the same round would take 6 points of damage per round for the next 5 rounds). 
This bleeding can be stopped by a suc­cessful DC 15 Heal check or any effect that restores hit points (such as cure light wounds). However, while the wound is active, anyone attempting to cast a spell on the target that would restore hit points must succeed on a DC 15 caster level check. 
An implacable weapon counts as ada­mantine for the purpose of overcoming the damage reduction of aberrations. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 
Armor, vampiric touch. 
Cost to Create: Varies. 

INCORPOREAL BINDING [SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Melee weapon 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: — 
Synergy Prerequisite: Ghost touch 

This weapon is simple in design and appears misty gray, even though the base material used in its construction has a distinct color of its own. 
An incorporeal binding weapon func­tions as a ghost touch weapon (DMG 224). In addition, when this weapon strikes an incorporeal creature, it emits a single pulse of gray energy that temporarily anchors the target more firmly to the material world. An incorporeal creature damaged by this weapon loses the ben­efit of its incorporeal miss chance (50%) and its 50% chance to ignore spells for 1 round. It does, however, retain all other benefits of incorporealness, including immunity to all nonmagical attack forms, the ability to pass through solid objects, and a deflection bonus to AC equal to its Charisma bonus (if any). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, dimensional anchor, plane shift. Cost to Create: Varies. 

KNOCKBACK Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation Activation: Swift (command) 
This weapon looks broader and thicker than a typical item of its type. A ram's head with curll ing horns decorates its head or hilt. 

Three times per day, you can activate this weapon and use it to drive your opponent back. The next time you hit a creature with the weapon before the end of your turn, the target must succeed on a DC 19 Fortitude save or be pushed back 5 feet. If the target can't move back, this ability has no effect. The knockback property works only on creatures of your own size category or smaller. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 

Armor, repulsion. 
Cost to Create: Varies. 

LUCKY 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) divination Activation: Free (mental) 
The golden sheen on this weapon raises your spirits and fills you with confidence in your fighting prowess. 
A lucky weapon offers a second chance at success. Once per day, you can reroll a single failed attack roll. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 

Armor,  moment  of prescience  or fate  of  one  
(EPH 107).  
Cost to Create:  Varies.  

MAGEBANE 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 8th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation Activation: — 
The surface of this black iron weapon is inscribed with runes representing the groundl ing of energy, and its pommel or grip is set with three diamonds. 
Weapons that have this property are feared by arcane spellcasters. Against any creature that can cast arcane spells or use invocations (CAr 7), a magebane weapon's enhancement bonus is 2 higher than normal. (Thus, a +1 longsword with the magebane property becomes a +3 longl sword when wielded against such targets.) Furthermore, a magebane weapon deals an extra 2d6 points of damage against targets capable of casting arcane spells or using invocations. 
The magebane property can be added to a cold iron weapon without paying the extra 2,000 gp (DMG 284). 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, dispel magic. Cost to Create: Varies. 

MAIMING 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — 
This weapon has a twisted haft or grip and spikes along its blade, head, or point. 
A maiming weapon twists and digs into the flesh of its target, rending, tearing, smashing, and bruising it. Whenever you score a critical hit with this weapon, it deals an amount of extra damage depend­ing on its critical multiplier. 
Critical Multiplier Extra Damage x2 1d6 x3 2d6 x4 3d6 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, keen edge. Cost to Create: Varies. 
MANIFESTER 
Price:+12,000 gp 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 8th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) divination 
Activation: Free (mental) 

Radiating inner power, this princely weapon settles and clarifies your thoughts. 
When manifesting a power, the bearer of this weapon can draw 5 power points from it. These points must be all be used on the same power, and that power cannot be imbued with power points from any other source. 
A manifester weapon functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, any 3rd-level psionic power. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
METALLINE 
Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: Standard (command) 
The color and texture of this weapon seem to shift with each passing moment. 
When you activate a metalline weapon, you can change its composition to ada­mantine, alchemical silver, cold iron, or ordinary steel. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, fabricate. Cost to Create: Varies. 

MIGHTY SMITING 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Melee weapon 
Caster Level: 8th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation 
Activation: — 
This weapon feels heavier than a normal weapon of its type. Inscribed on its surface is a message affirming its superiority over some category of creature. 
If you have a smite ability (smite, smite evil, smite shadowlands, or the like), you gain an extra +2 bonus on your smite attack rolls and damage rolls. In addi­tion, you gain one additional use of your smite ability each day while wielding this weapon. If you have more than one smite ability, you must choose which one gains the extra use. 
A weapon of mighty smiting only grants one extra smite per day, regardless of how many characters wield it. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, divine power. Cost to Create: Varies. 
MINDCRUSHER 
Price: +2 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy Activation: — 
This red-tinted weapon seems to draw light and feeling from around it. You sense its hunger. 
Any psionic creature struck in combat by a mindcrusher weapon loses a number of power points equal to half the amount of hit point damage the weapon deals on that strike. Only the base damage of the weapon contributes to the power point loss; additional damage from high Strength or other sources does not cause additional power point loss. A crea­ture with no power points, including any nonpsionic creature, must succeed on a DC 17 Will save or take 1 point of Wisdom damage. 
A projectile weapon bestows this prop­erty upon its ammunition. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 
Armor, vampiric  touch  or psychic  vampire  
(EPH 127).  
Cost to Create:  Varies.  

MINDFEEDER 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 15th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) necromancy 
Activation: — 

Composed of a flat, rough, slate-gray crystal, this weapon seems to absorb your thoughts. 
When you score a critical hit with a mind-feeder weapon, you gain 1 temporary power point for every 5 points of damage dealt by the critical hit. These temporary power points last for up to 1 minute. You gain power points even if the target has none. 
As with temporary hit points, tempo­rary power points do not stack with each other; they overlap. Thus, if the wielder of a mindfeeder weapon successfully scores a critical hit while still enjoying tempo­rary power points from a previous critical hit, the wielder gains only the higher of the two values: either her current number of temporary power points, or the new influx of temporary power points, which­ever is greater. Creatures immune to extra damage from critical hits do not trigger mindfeeder weapons. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, vampiric touch or psychic vampire (EPH 127). 
Cost to Create: Varies. 
MORPHING Price: +1 bonus Property: Melee or thrown weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: Standard 
This weapon's shape constantly flows and reforms in slightly different compositions. 
You can reshape a morphing weapon into any other melee or thrown weapon of the same size and type (light, one-handed, or two-handed). For instance, a morph­ing greatsword could become a spear, greataxe, or dire flail. 
If a single weapon created with the mor­phing property becomes a double weapon, only one end of the double weapon retains the weapon's magical bonus, although the other end is masterwork. If a double weapon created with the morphing property becomes a single weapon, it can have the properties of either end of the original double weapon. The proper­ties of the other end are dormant but not lost; they become active again when the morphing weapon once again becomes a double weapon. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, fabricate. Cost to Create: Varies. 
NECROTIC FOCUS 
Price: +3 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) necromancy Activation: — 
This weapon has a golden sheen and a series of black runes inlaid in jet along its length. Its pommel or grip is set with a black star sapphire. 
A necrotic focus weapon serves as a chan­nel for your ability drain or energy drain supernatural ability. While wielding it, you deal ability drain or bestow negative levels through it as if attacking with your natural weapons. If a saving throw against the effect is allowed, add the weapon's enhancement bonus to the save DC. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, enervation, spectral hand. Cost to Create: Varies. 
PARALYTIC BURST Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) enchantment Activation: — 
This weapon appears unusually straight and stiff. Set into the base of its blade or head is a smoothly polished piece of aventurine that seems to glow with an energy all its own. 
Whenever you score a critical hit with this weapon, a wave of green energy washes over the target, paralyzing it for 1 round (Will DC 17 negates). This effect activates even if the target is not normally subject to extra damage from critical hits. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, hold monster. Cost to Create: Varies. 
PARALYZING Price: +1 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) enchantment Activation: Swift (command) 
This weapon bears a number of hard-to-see parallel striations near its handle. 
When a paralyzing weapon is activated, the next creature struck by the weapon must succeed on a DC 17 Will save or be paralyzed. Each round on its turn, the target can attempt a new saving throw to end the effect; otherwise, the paralysis lasts for 10 rounds. 

A paralyzing weapon functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, hold monster. Cost to Create: Varies. 
PARRYING 
Price: +2 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 15th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) enchantment 
Activation: — 

The detailed engravings on this shiny weapon appear to spin and jump about. Even when grasped, it twitches and bucks. 
A parrying weapon allows you to discern events an instant into the future, grant­ing you a +1 insight bonus to AC. The weapon makes you so adept at parrying that it grants you a +1 insight bonus on saving throws. The bonuses are granted whenever you hold the weapon, even if you are flat-footed. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, divine protection (SC 70) or defensive precognition (EPH 124). 
Cost to Create: Varies. 

POWER STORING 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation 
Activation: Free (command) 

This weapon is composed of a white, honeycomb substance of substantial weight. 
A power storing weapon allows a mani­fester to store a single targeted power of up to 5 power points in the weapon. (The power must have a manifesting time of 1 standard action.) Any time the weapon strikes a creature and the creature takes damage from it, the weapon can mani­fest the power on that creature if you desire. Once the power is manifested, the weapon is empty, and a manifester can store any other targeted power of up to 5 power points into it. The weapon telepathically whispers to you the name of the power currently stored within it. A randomly generated power storing weapon has a 50% chance to have a power stored in it already. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, manifester level 12th. Cost to Create: Varies. 


PRECISE 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Ranged weapon 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: — 

This weapon has a carved peephole or sighting tube worked into its design, and its hilt is set with a faceted diamond. 
You can shoot or throw a precise weapon at an opponent engaged in melee without incurring the standard -4 penalty. This benefit does not apply if you already have the Precise Shot feat. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Precise Shot. Cost to Create: Varies. 

PRISMATIC BURST 
Price: +30,000 gp 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation 
Activation: — 

This smoothly polished weapon is set with a ruby, afire opal, a yellow topaz, an emerald, a blue topaz, a sapphire, and an amethyst. 
Whenever you score a successful critical hit with this weapon, multicolored light springs from the gems and cascades along its blade or head, subjecting the target to a prismatic spray effect (save DC 20; see spell description, PH 264). This effect activates even if the target is not normally subject to extra damage from critical hits. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, prismatic spray. Cost to Create: Varies. 

PROFANE Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 17) necromancy Activation: Standard (command) 
This black iron weapon is decorated with a 
single silver skull. A runic phrase describing 
a vile act runs along its blade or haft. 
By speaking the appropriate command word, you can sheathe a profane weapon in crackling black negative energy. If you have no Constitution score, this energy does not harm you; otherwise you take 1 point of Constitution damage for each round that you hold the weapon while the effect is activated. This effect lasts until you speak another command word to end it. 
While activated, a profane weapon deals an extra 1d6 points of damage to any living target (or 2d6 points against a good outsider) on a successful hit. Also, it is treated as evil-aligned for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, inflict light wounds. Cost to Create: Varies. 
PROFANE BURST [SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy 
Activation: Standard (command) 

and — 
Synergy Prerequisite: Profane 

This black iron weapon is decorated with dozens of silver skulls. Runic phrases describing vile acts run along its blade or haft and glow when it is wielded. 
A profane burst weapon functions as a profane weapon (see above). 
In addition, the weapon explodes with negative energy on a successful critical hit, dealing extra negative energy damage as set out in the table below. (This effect activates even if the target is not normally subject to extra damage from critical hits.) A profane burst weapon deals even more damage to good outsiders on a successful critical hit. This burst does not harm you or any creature other than the target if you are undead; otherwise, you take 1d4 points of Constitution damage (or Charisma damage if you have no Constitution score). This is a continuous effect and requires no acti­vation. Even if the weapon has not been activated to deal extra damage because of the profane property, the weapon still deals its extra negative energy damage on a successful critical hit. 

Good  
Critical  Extra  Outsider  
Multiplier  Damage  Extra Damage  
x2  1d10  2d10  
x3  2d10  4d10  
x4  3d10  6d10  

Projectile weapons bestow this property upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, inflict critical wounds. Cost to Create: Varies. 
PSIBANE 
Price: +2 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 15th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) divination 
Activation: — 
This extraordinary weapon is shot through with translucent purple crystal shards. You detect a vague air of menace about it. 
A psibane weapon is crafted to oppose psionic beings. When used against any creature that has the psionic subtype (EPH 183), its effective enhancement bonus is 2 higher than its actual enhancement bonus (so a +1 psibane longsword instead has a +3 enhancement bonus against psionic foes). It deals an extra 2d6 points of damage against psionic opponents. 
A psibane weapon bestows one negative level on any psionic creature attempting to wield it. This negative level remains as long as the weapon is in hand and disappears when the weapon is no longer wielded. This negative level never results in actual level loss, but it cannot be overcome in any way while the weapon is wielded. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, dispel magic or bend reality (EPH 80). 
Cost to Create: Varies. 
PSYCHIC 
Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 17th Aura: Strong; (DC 23) no school Activation: — 
This weapon has an inner glow of varying brightness. It glows more brightly when brought near those with psionic ability. 
A psychic weapon's power depends on its wielder. It gains an enhancement bonus based on the wielder's current power point reserve, as shown on the table below. (This benefit doesn't stack with the weapon's normal enhancement bonus.) The weap­on's enhancement bonus decreases (to a minimum of +1) as the wielder spends power points, and it increases whenever the wielder gains enough power points (by any means) to put his power point reserve into the next higher category. 
Power Point Enhancement Reserve Bonus 
0* +1 1-29 +2 30-79 +3 80-129 +4 130 or higher +5 *Includes any wielder without power points. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, wish or reality revision (EPH 128). Cost to Create: Varies. 
PSYCHOKINETIC 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation 
Activation: Standard (command) 

This silvery-white weapon has a smooth sheen and is difficult to grip tightly. 
Upon command, a psychokinetic weapon glows from the inside with lethal psionic energy. Such a weapon deals an extra 1d4 points of force damage on a successful hit. This extra damage is not affected by damage reduction, and it affects incor­poreal creatures even if the attack would normally miss due to the incorporeal miss chance. The energy does not harm you while wielding the weapon. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, blast of force (SC 31) or concussive blast (EPH 85). 
Cost to Create: Varies. 
PSYCHOKINETIC BURST [SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation 
Activation: Standard (command) 

and — Synergy Prerequisite: Psychokinetic 
Silvery-black and potent, this weapon is very smooth and difficult to grip tightly. 
This weapon functions as a pschokinetic weapon (see above). 
In addition, the weapon releases a blast of destructive psionic energy on a success­ful critical hit, dealing extra force damage as set out in the table below. (This effect activates even if the target is not normally subject to extra damage from critical hits.) This burst does not harm you or any creature other than the target. This is a continuous effect and requires no acti­vation. Even if the weapon has not been activated to deal extra damage because of the psychokinetic property, the weapon still deals its extra force damage on a suc­cessful critical hit. 
Critical Extra 
Multiplier Force Damage 
x2 1d6 
x3 2d6 
x4 3d6 

This extra damage is not affected by damage reduction, and it affects incor­poreal creatures even if the attack would normally miss due to the incorporeal miss chance. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, blast of force (SC 31) or concussive blast (EPH 85). 
Cost to Create: Varies. 
QUICK LOADING 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Crossbow 
Caster Level: 9th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: Free (manipulation) or 
move (manipulation); see text 
Volleys of soaring bolts are engraved upon this loaded crossbow. 
A quick loading crossbow accesses an extradimensional space that can hold up to 100 bolts, allowing you to reload the cross­bow more rapidly than normal. Reloading a quick loading hand or light crossbow is a free action (allowing a character with mul­tiple attacks to use his full attack rate), and reloading a quick loading heavy crossbow is a move action. 
Different types of bolts can be held in the extradimensional space, and you can select freely from these when reloading the crossbow. Adding or removing a bolt 
by hand from an extradimensional space requires a move (manipulation) action. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Leomund's secret chest, shrink item. Cost to Create: Varies. 
RESOUNDING 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Melee weapon 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) enchantment 
Activation: — 

This weapon bears a small engraving of a bell. 

A resounding weapon emits a deep, ring­ing chime each time it successfully hits a target. The sound carries over the din of battle, encouraging your allies. When you strike a foe with a resounding weapon, allies (including you) within 30 feet gain a +1 morale bonus on attack rolls and saves against fear effects for 1 round. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, bless. Cost to Create: Varies. 
REVEALING 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: — 
A sea of flames flickers upon this weapon, though it is perfectly cool to the touch. 
Any opponent struck by a weapon that has this property is outlined in magical flames, as the faerie fire spell, for 1 round. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, faerie fire. Cost to Create: Varies. 
SACRED 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) 
This silver-white weapon is decorated with a single golden sun. A runic phrase describing a heroic deed runs along its blade or haft. 
By speaking the appropriate command word, you can sheathe a sacred weapon in luminous positive energy. If you are not undead, this energy does not harm you; otherwise, you take 1 point of Charisma damage for each round that you hold the weapon. This effect lasts until you speak another command word to end it. 
While activated, a sacred weapon deals an extra 1d6 points of damage to any undead target (or 2d6 points against an evil outsider) on a successful hit. Also, it is treated as good-aligned for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, cure light wounds. Cost to Create: Varies. 



SACRED BURST 
[SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration Activation: — 
Synergy Prerequisite: Sacred 
This silver-white weapon is decorated with dozens of golden sun motifs. Runic phrases describing various heroic deeds run along its blade or haft and glow when it is wielded. 
A sacred burst weapon functions as a sacred weapon (see above). 
In addition, the weapon explodes with positive energy on a successful critical hit, dealing extra positive energy damage to creatures as set out in the table below. (This effect activates even if the target is not normally subject to extra damage from critical hits.) A sacred burst weapon deals even more damage to evil outsiders on a successful critical hit. This burst does not harm you or any creature other than the target unless you are undead; if you are, you take 1d4 points of Charisma damage from the burst. This is a continu­ous effect and requires no activation. Even if the weapon has not been activated to deal extra damage because of the sacred property, the weapon still deals its extra positive energy damage on a successful critical hit. 

Evil  
Critical  Extra  Outsider  
Multiplier  Damage  Damage  
x2  1d10  2d10  
x3  2d10  4d10  
x4  3d10  6d10  

Projectile weapons bestow this property upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, cure critical wounds. Cost to Create: Varies. 
SCREAMING Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation Activation: Standard (command) 
This weapon is pierced with numerous tiny holes in a decorative pattern. These holes produce a whistling sound when air moves through them. 
Upon command, this weapon begins to vibrate gently, though it emits no actual sound in this mode. Whenever an acti­vated screaming weapon hits, it produces a high-pitched sound and deals an extra 1d4 points of sonic damage to the target. This noise is unpleasant, but it has no adverse effect upon any creatures other than the one struck. The ability of a scream­ing weapon to deal extra sonic damage is negated in any area of magical silence. Screaming weapons have no additional adverse effect on creatures with unusually acute hearing, although such creatures tend to dislike them. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, shout or sound burst. Cost to Create: Varies. 

SCREAMING BURST [SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation 
Activation: — 
Synergy Prerequisite: Screaming 

This weapon is decorated with engravings of bells, cymbals, drums, and other images associl ated with loud noises. 
A screaming burst weapon functions as a screaming weapon (see above). 
In addition, the weapon explodes with sonic energy on a successful critical hit, dealing extra sonic damage as set out in the table below. (This effect activates even if the target is not normally subject to extra damage from critical hits.) This burst does not harm you or any creature other than the target. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. Even if the weapon has not been activated to deal extra damage because of the screaming property, the weapon still deals its extra sonic damage on a successful critical hit. 

Critical  
Multiplier  Extra Sonic Damage  
x2  1d8  
x3  2d8  
x4  3d8  

Projectile weapons bestow this property upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, shout or sound burst. Cost to Create: Varies. 
SHADOWSTRIKE 
Price: +5,000 gp Property: Weapon Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) illusion Activation: Swift (mental) 
This weapon is made of a dull black material, and its edges seem indistinct. 
A shadowstrike weapon can reach through your own shadow to catch foes off guard. Once per day, you can activate the prop­erty to add 5 feet to the weapon's reach for a single attack. The target is denied its Dexterity bonus to AC for this attack. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, shadow conjuration. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
SHATTERMANTLE 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination Activation: — 
Translucent, writhing energy and blue sparks can be seen raging within this weapon. 
A shattermantle weapon damages a foe's spell resistance. Each time the weapon strikes a foe that has spell resistance, the value of that spell resistance is reduced by 2 for 1 round. The penalties for multiple hits during the same round stack. For example, if you succeed on three attacks in the same round against the same foe, that foe's spell resistance is reduced by 6 until the begin­ning of your next turn. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, assay spell resistance (SC 17). Cost to Create: Varies. 
SHIELDING 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Light melee weapon Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) 
The handle of this weapon has a handguard shaped like a shield. 
A shielding weapon is most often employed as an off-hand weapon. Activating a shield­ing weapon transforms it into a heavy steel shield, with the same enhancement bonus as the weapon itself (both for AC and when making shield bash attacks). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, animate objects, shield. Cost to Create: Varies. 
SIZING 

Price: +5,000 gp Property: Weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) 
This weapon features a series of decorative nubs on the hilt or haft. 
Activating a sizing weapon changes its size category to any other that you desire. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, shrink item. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
SLOW BURST 
Price: +5,000 gp 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — 

This weapon has an image of a snail worked into its hilt or grip, and it feels cold to the touch. 
A chill aura numbs this weapon's victim when you strike true. Whenever you score a critical hit with this weapon, the target is slowed (as the slow spell) for 3 rounds (Will DC 14 negates). This effect activates even if the creature struck is not normally subject to extra damage from critical hits. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, slow. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
SOULBOUND 
Price (Item Level): +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 6th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: Swift (mental) 

This looks like a normal item of its kind except for a faint, blue sheen. 
A soulbound weapon serves as a recepta­cle for your essentia, much as a soulmeld does. Every point of essentia invested in the weapon increases its enhancement bonus on attack rolls and damage rolls by 1, up to a maximum enhancement bonus of +3. 
Each soulbound weapon has an essentia capacity. The maximum number of essen­tia points that can be invested in it equals this value or your normal essentia capacity (see Table 2-1: Essentia Capacity, Magic of Incarnum 19), whichever is lower. 
A soulbound weapon has a maximum essentia capacity of 2. 
Chakra Bind: A soulbound weapon grants bonuses when it is bound to a chakra, as described below. These effects function continuously, with no need for activation. See Binding Items to Chakras (MoI 108) for more information. 
Arms: Binding a soulbound weapon to your arms chakra grants you a +2 insight bonus on rolls made to confirm critical hits with the weapon. 
Brow: Binding a soulbound weapon to your brow chakra allows you, if you miss an attack because of concealment, to reroll your miss chance percentile roll one time to see if you actually hit. This benefit is usable once per round. 
Hands: Binding a soulbound weapon to your hands chakra grants you a +2 insight bonus on initiative checks while the weapon is held. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, magic weapon, essentia pool 2. Cost to Create: Varies. 
SOULBOUND, GREATER [SYNERGY] 
Price (Item Level): +2 bonus 
Caster Level: 18th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 24) abjuration 
This entire weapon seems composed of some blue material, and it moves through the air effortlessly. 
This property functions as the soulbound property (see above), except a greater soulbound weapon has a maximum essentia capacity of 4 (instead of 2), for a maximum enhancement bonus of +5 (instead of +3). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, magic weapon, essentia pool 4. 
SOULBREAKER 
[SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 17th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 23) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Synergy Prerequisite: Enervating 

Shrouded by motes of darkness, this weapon is the color of a deep bruise. 
This weapon functions as an enervating weapon (see page 34). However, a nega­tive level gained from an attack from a soulbreaker weapon doesn't fade 1 hour later. Instead, 24 hours after being struck, if the negative level or levels have not been purged, the subject must succeed on a DC 18 Fortitude save for each negative level or lose a character level. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, energy drain. Cost to Create: Varies. 
SOULDRINKING [SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Melee weapon 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Synergy Prerequisite: Enervating 

A barely perceptible shadow, in the shape of a screaming humanoid face, seems to flicker on this weapon. 
This weapon functions as an enervating weapon (see page 34). In addition, when a souldrinking weapon scores a critical hit on a living creature, it grants you 5 tem­porary hit points and a +2 morale bonus on melee damage rolls. The temporary hit points don't stack with temporary hit points from any other source. This effect fades after 10 minutes. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, vampiric touch. Cost to Create: Varies. 
SPELLSTRIKE Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 8th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) abjuration Activation: Free (mental) 
The image of a great helm ornaments the end of this hefty, unusually solid weapon. 
A spellstrike weapon allows you to transfer some or all of the weapon's enhancement bonus, using it as a bonus on your saving throws against spells or spell-like abilities. As a free action, you choose how to allocate the weapon's enhancement bonus at the start of your turn before using the weapon, and the effect on saving throws lasts until the start of your next turn. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, resistance. Cost to Create: Varies. 

STUNNING [SYNERGY] Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) enchantment Activation: — Synergy Prerequisite: Screaming 
The surface of this weapon is covered with jagged lines resembling lightning bolts. 
A stunning weapon functions as a scream­ing weapon (see page 42). 
In addition, on a successful critical hit with a stunning weapon, the target must succeed on a DC 17 Fortitude save or be stunned for 1 round. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty on their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, hold monster. Cost to Create: Varies. 
STUNNING SURGE 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Weapon 
Caster Level: 9th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) 
enchantment 
Activation: Swift (command) 

This weapon is broad and heavy coml 
pared to other weapons of its kind. Its 
rough but solid craftsmanship bespeaks 
straightforward functionality. 

On a successful melee attack, you can 
command this weapon to emit a surge 
of magical energy. Unless the target 
succeeds on a Fortitude save (DC 10 
+1/2 your character level + your Cha 
modifier), it is stunned for 
1 round. 

This ability is 
usable a number 
of times per day 
equal to 1+ your 
Charisma bonus 
(if any). Once you 

activate this ability, it can't be activated by any other creature until the follow­ing day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, hold monster. Cost to Create: Varies. 

STYGIAN Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) necromancy Activation: Swift (mental) 
This weapon is composed of a black crystal that seems to absorb the light around it. 
When you activate a stygian weapon, the next successful attack you make before the end of your turn bestows one negative level on the target in addition to dealing normal damage. This negative level lasts for 10 minutes, and thus can't result in a permanent level decrease. 
A stygian weapon functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, enervation. Cost to Create: Varies. 

SUNDERING 
Price: +1 bonus 
Property: Melee weapon 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — 
Decorated with sculpted, imposing fists, this item seems denser than normal. 
A sundering weapon allows you to attack as if you have the Improved Sunder feat, and it deals an extra ld6 points of damage on a sunder attempt. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Improved Sunder, weapon of impact (SC 237) or metaphysical weapon (EPH 118). 
Cost to Create: Varies. 
SWEEPING 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — 
+1 sundering warhammer 

Images of clouds and gusting wind cover this strangely flexible weapon. 
This property grants you a +2 competence bonus on any Strength check made to trip an opponent with the weapon. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, bull's strength. Cost to Create: Varies. 
TERRAN Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation Activation: — 
This weapon appears to have been hewn from crystal. Its grip is inlaid with gems in a cirl cular design. 
A terran weapon automatically overcomes the damage reduction of any creature that has the air subtype. In addition, the weapon deals an extra 2d6 points of damage against such targets. 
A terran weapon also bestows one negative level on any creature that has the air subtype and attempts to wield it. The negative level remains as long as the weapon is in hand and disappears when it is no longer held. This negative level never results in actual level loss, but it cannot be overcome in any way (including restoration spells) while the weapon is wielded. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, earth subtype. Cost to Create: Varies. 
TRANSMUTING Price: +2 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 13th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation Activation: — 
This odd-looking weapon has both sharp and blunt sections. Its pommel or grip is set with a diamond, a piece of jet, a sapphire, and a ruby. In addition, it is inlaid with both adamantine and silver. 
When you score a successful hit with a transmuting weapon against a creature that has damage reduction, that attack is resolved normally. At the start of your next turn, however, the weapon transforms, taking on the properties required to over­come that creature's damage reduction. 
Once so changed, the weapon overcomes the designated type of damage reduction for 10 rounds, or until you strike a creature that has a different type of damage reduc­tion. In this case, the weapon transforms in the same manner to overcome that damage reduction instead. If the target has multiple types of damage reduction, the weapon overcomes all of them. If the creature gains a new type of damage reduction after ini­tially being struck (from changing its form, for example), the weapon must change again before it can overcome the new type. 
A transmuting weapon does not gain any other benefit of the properties it takes on, and it always deals normal damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, fabricate. Cost to Create: Varies. 
UNHOLY SURGE [SYNERGY] 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation Activation: — and swift (command) Synergy Prerequisite: Unholy 
This vile weapon is decorated with jagged spikes, skulls, and other macabre designs. 
Characters who serve gods of murder, strife, and other base deeds craft these weapons of pure evil for themselves and for others who share their foul desires. This weapon functions as an unholy weapon (DMG 226). This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, on a successful melee attack with an unholy surge weapon, you can command it to emit a burst of unholy energy, which deals an extra 3d6 points of damage to a good-aligned target, if used against a non-good creature, it deals no additional damage, and that use of the ability is wasted. 
This ability is usable a number of times per day equal to 1 + your Cha bonus (if any). Once you activate this property, it can't be activated by any other creature until the following day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, unholy blight or unholy word. Cost to Create: Varies. 
VAMPIRIC Price: +2 bonus Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) necromancy Activation: — 
A gaping maw with elongated incisors adorns this weapon. The fangs shimmer wetly. 
A vampiric weapon deals an extra 1d6 points of damage to any living creature it hits, and you heal damage equal to this amount. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, vampiric touch. Cost to Create: Varies. 
VANISHING Price: +8,000 gp Property: Melee weapon Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) conjuration Activation: Swift (command) 
The grip of this weapon is transparent, and its pommel or guard is set with white diamonds. 
A vanishing weapon allows you to travel short distances instantaneously. Once per day, after a successful melee attack, you can transport yourself and any equip­ment you are carrying to any spot within 60 feet by activating the weapon. This movement otherwise conforms to the limitations given for the dimension door spell (PH 221). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, dimension door. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
VENOMOUS Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) necromancy Activation: Swift (command) 
A carved snake coils around much of this weapon, its body tensed to strike. 
When activated, a venomous weapon coats itself in injury poison (Fort DC 14, 1d4 Str/1d4 Str), which lasts for 1 minute or until your next successful attack with the weapon, whichever comes first. 
A venomous weapon functions three times per day. Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty on their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, poison. Cost to Create: Varies. 
WARNING 
Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: — 
Four glass eyes circle this weapon, each watchl ing a different direction. 
A warning weapon grants you a +5 insight bonus on initiative checks as long as it is held. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, cat's grace. Cost to Create: Varies. 
WEAKENING Price: +1 bonus Property: Weapon Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) necromancy Activation: — 
Macabre ornamentation and stretched bits of leather make this weapon look as though it were made from a shriveled limb. 
When you score a critical hit with a weakening weapon, the target takes a -4 penalty to its Strength score (to a mini­mum score of 1) for 10 minutes. Multiple strikes aren't cumulative. 
Projectile weapons bestow this prop­erty upon their ammunition. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, ray of enfeeblement. Cost to Create: Varies. 
WHIRLING Price: +1 bonus Property: Slashing melee weapon Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: Full-round (mental) 
The hilt of this weapon is twisted into a corkl screw design, and its blade is dramatically curved. 
Three times per day, you can use this weapon to make a whirling attack that has a chance of striking all nearby oppo­nents. Instead of making your regular attacks, you instead make one melee attack at your full attack bonus against each opponent within reach of the weapon. This property otherwise func­tions like the Whirlwind Attack feat. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 

Armor, haste. 
Cost to Create: Varies. 

SPECIFIC 


WEAPONS 
The following weapons are usually con­structed with the properties described here. You can increase the enhancement bonus of these weapons or add more spe­cial properties just as you would for any other item. 
The items in this section are arranged alphabetically. 

ARROW OF BITING Price (Item Level): 506 gp (3rd) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) necromancy Activation: — (ammunition) Weight: — 
This long arrow features alternating bands of red, yellow, and black, similar to the markings of a poisonous serpent. Instead of an arrowl head, the fang of a gigantic snake is fastened to its tip. 
This +1 arrow injects any creature it strikes with poison (injury, Fort DC 16, 1d6 Con/1d6 Con). 
An arrow of biting can also be created as a crossbow bolt for the same price. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, poison. Cost to Create: 250 gp (plus 6 gp for mas­terwork arrow), 20 XP, 1 day. 

ASSASSIN WHIP Price (Item Level): 5,301 gp (10th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: Free (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
Although this seems to be nothing more than a tangled, long-leafed vine, one end has been knotted into a sturdy handle like that of a whip. 
Twice per day, you can activate this +1 whip after successfully hitting a Medium or smaller target that is standing on the ground. Doing this causes tendrils of veg­etation to spring forth from the ground, entangling the target and dealing 2d6 points of damage per round. This effect lasts for 3 rounds or until the affected crea­ture escapes from the tendrils (a DC 20 Strength check or DC 20 Escape Artist check made as a full-round action). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, entangle. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp (plus 301 gp for masterwork whip), 200 XP, 5 days. 

AXE OF ANCESTRAL VIRTUE [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 8,530 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 8 lb. 

A holy symbol of Moradin decorates the joint between the head and the haft of this sturdy adamantine waraxe. 
When you wield an axe of ancestral virtue, it functions as a +1 keen adamantine dwarven waraxe if you are lawful good, lawful neutral, or neutral good. Prized by the faithful of the Soul Forger, these weap­ons have long been used in the defense of dwarf holdings. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, an axe of ancestral virtue reveals its intelligence and sentience (AL LN; Int 10, Wis 17, Cha 17; speech, telepathy, darkvision 120 ft., hearing; Ego score 17). In addition, the axe can use bless, cure moderate wounds (wielder only), and faerie fire, each three times per day. 
To use the relic power, you must worship Moradin and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. If you sacrifice a 
Arrow of biting 

7th-level divine slot (or have the True Believer 
feat and at least 
13 HD), the 
weapon can 
also use haste (wielder only) three times per day. 
Lore: Untold 
Axe of 

years ago, one of 
ancestral 

Moradin's high priests 
virtue 

volunteered to be bound into the original axe of ancestral virtue so that the weapon would have both intelligence and the virtu­ous nature to serve Moradin well. This priest's personality has been duplicated into the few copies of the weapon that have been forged since. The weapon has never revealed the priest's original name to any user, but judging from the fact that the axe constantly urges its wielder to attack the ancient enemies of the dwarves (goblinoids and giants), he must have been a fierce warrior indeed. The weapon takes great delight in "illuminating targets" (faerie fire), "salv­ing honor-wounds" (cure moderate wounds), and granting "godspeed" (haste). The axe also judges its wielders on how well they adhere to traditional dwarf culture, and it rebels mightily against nondwarves who so much as pick it up (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, bless, cure moderate wounds, faerie fire, 
haste, keen edge. Cost to Create: 

2,500 gp (plus 3,030 gp for adamantine dwarven waraxe), 200 XP, 5 days. 
AXE OF THE 
SEA REAVERS 

Price (Item Level): 10,320 gp 
(13th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) 
necromancy Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 12 lb. 
The blade of this large greataxe looks like the curved tail fin of some great fish, and the haft is sculpted to look like a long series of complex sailors knots. The axe 
smells of brine. 
This +1 greataxe allows you to float atop the water, no matter your weight. This effect functions continuously and requires no activation. 
You can also activate an axe of the sea reavers to access two additional abilities. You can utter a war cry engraved into the axe's haft. You and all allies within 15 feet of you gain a +2 morale bonus on attack rolls, weapon damage, saves, skill checks, and ability checks for 1 round. 
In addition, you can speak a com­mand word engraved upon the blade. All enemies within 15 feet of you become pan­icked for 1 round (Will DC 16 negates). 
Each of these abilities is usable once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, fear, heroism. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp (plus 320 gp for masterwork greataxe), 400 XP, 10 days. 
BLADED CROSSBOW Price (Item Level): 4,660 gp (9th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation Activation: — Weight: 12 lb. 
The front of this heavy crossbow is fitted with a pair of curved, sharp blades. The gap between them is perfectly positioned to allow the unhinl dered passage of a crossbow bolt. 
This crossbow has an exceptionally strong stock, which is shaped so that you can grip and swing it as a melee weapon. You can use a bladed crossbow as either a +1 heavy crossbow for ranged attacks, or as a +1 bat¬ tleaxe for melee attacks. 
Assassin  whip  
Axe  of  the  
sea  reavers  
Crystal  
echoblade  

Blazing skylance 

Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms 
and Armor, blade barrier. 

Cost to Create: 2,000 gp (plus 660 gp for masterwork heavy crossbow and masterwork battleaxe), 80 XP, 4 days. 
BLAZING SKYLANCE Price (Item Level): 8,310 gp (12th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 10 lb. 
Red and orange flames lick the length of 
this silver lance. The haft is wrapped in 
strips of red scaled leather. 

Three times per day, you can com­
mand this +1 lance to fire a 15-foot 
cone of searing flames from its tip, 
dealing 5d4 points of fire damage 
to targets within the cone's area 
(Reflex DC 13 half). 

Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms 
and Armor, burning hands. 

Cost to Create: 4,000 gp (plus 
310 gp for masterwork lance), 
320 XP, 8 days. 

BOW OF SONGS 
Price (Item Level): 12,330 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: —(held) 
Caster Level: 8th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) 
evocation 
Activation: Swift 
(command) 

Weight: 2 lb. 
This bow is made of fine wood and appears to be of elven design. 
This +1 shortbow blends music with every shot to deadly effect. On your turn, you can expend one daily use of your bardic music ability to gain a bonus equal to your Charisma bonus on the next attack roll and (if your attack hits) on the corresponding damage roll that you make with the bow. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, sculpt sound, elf, bardic music. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp (plus 330 gp for masterwork shortbow), 480 XP, 12 days. 
BOW OF THE WINTERMOON [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 3,400 gp (8th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 20th Aura: Strong; (DC 25) evocation Activation: — Weight: 3 lb. 
This elegant composite longbow is carved of rowan and inlaid with silver tracery in an elven design. Its tips are shod with silver, and its grip is wound 
with blue metal wire. 
When you wield this bow, it functions 
as a +1 composite longbow if you are chaotic good, neutral good, or chaotic neutral. It adjusts its pull automatically, allowing you to add your full Strength bonus to your damage roll with each arrow fired. 
Relic Power: If you have established 
the proper divine connection, this bow gains the frost and drow bane weapon properties (DMG 224). 
To use the relic power, you must worship Corellon Larethian and either 
sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Lore: Corellon Larethian gave the original bow of the wintermoon to the elf hero Seskaya more than two thou­sand years ago, but his clerics have 
since made several copies (Knowl­edge [religion] DC 20). Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, ice storm, summon monster I. Cost to Create: 1,500 gp (plus 400 gp for masterwork composite longbow), 120 XP, 3 days. 

BOWSTAFF Price (Item Level): 4,600 gp (9th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 4 lb. 
This thin, flexible quarterstaff has a bulge in the center and tapered tips. 
By activating a bowstaff you can change this +1/masterwork quarterstaff into a +1 longbow or back again. Each version performs like a regular magic weapon of its kind. 

Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, polymorph any object. 
Cost to Create: 2,000 gp (plus 600 gp for masterwork quarterstaff), 160 XP, 4 days. 

CHAIN OF OBEISANCE [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 20,400 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) enchantment 
Activation: — 
Weight: 12 lb. 
This spiked chain is forged of thick metal bands interspersed with long, sharp dagger points. 
Followers of Hextor prize these grisly weapons for keeping their prisoners sub­dued. A chain of obeisance functions as a +1 unholy spiked chain if you are lawful evil, neutral evil, or lawful neutral. 
Relic Power: Despite its size and apparent unwieldiness, if you have estab­lished the proper divine connection, you can wield this weapon in a grapple as if it were a light weapon. If you pin your oppo­nent while wielding a chain of obeisance, the foe must succeed on a DC 22 Will save or be dominated as by the dominate monster spell. No more than one creature can be dominated at a time; if you use this power on a second creature, the first effect ends. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Hextor and either sacrifice a 7th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 13 HD. 
Lore: These weapons are forged from the shackles in Hextor's hellish prison-fortress. The first of them were used by the strongest warriors in Hextor's horde to subdue prisoners taken on the battlefields of the Outer Planes 

(Knowledge [reli­
gion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanc­tify Relic, dominate monster. 
Cost to Create: 
10,000 gp (plus 400 gp for mas­terwork spiked chain), 800 XP, 20 days. 
CHROMATIC ROD 
[RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 12,308 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th Aura: Strong; (DC 25) conjuration Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
This iron-shod rod is crowned with five dragon heads—one each of black, blue, green, red, and white. The heads all face outward, their jaws parted as if 
to breathe. 
When you wield a chromatic rod, 
it functions as a +1 morningstar 
with the corrosive, frost, flam­
ing, or shock property if you 
are chaotic evil, neutral evil, or chaotic 
neutral. You can select or change the prop­
erty by speaking the command word, but 
it can have no more than one such prop­
erty at a time. 

Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you can also use the chromatic rod's spell-like abilities, as given on the table below. Each is usable once per day. 
Cost to Create: 6,000 gp (plus 308 gp for masterwork morningstar), 480 XP, 12 days. 
Spell Slot  Spell-Like Abilities  
Level/HD  Gained  
5th/9  Wall of ice (300-ft. range,  
covering up to twenty  
10-foot squares)  
Insect plague  (1,200-ft.  
range, creating six  
adjacent swarms)  
7th/13  Dominate  person  (75-ft.  
range, Will DC 20  
negates)  
Find the path  (duration  
200 minutes)  
Veil (Will DC 21)  

To use these spell­like abilities, you must worship Tiamat and either sacrifice a divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and a certain number of Hit Dice. The spell slot level and Hit 
Dice required are given for each entry in the table. Lore: The first chromatic rod was 
forged in hellfire by the five consorts of Tiamat as a gift for their queen (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Rod, Sanctify Relic, dominate person, find the path, insect 
plague, veil, wall of ice. 
CRYSTAL 
ECHOBLADE 
Price (Item Level): 4,310 gp (9th) Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation Activation: — Weight: 4 lb. 
This longsword's blade is crafted from jagged violet crystal. When you hold it 
close to your ear, you hear a faint hum. 
A crystal echoblade normally 
functions as a +1 longsword, 
but is enhanced by your musi­
cal ability, if you use your bardic 
music ability while wielding 
the weapon, the blade resonates 
in harmony, dealing additional 
sonic damage on each attack equal 
to half your bard level. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms 
and Armor, bardic music. 

Cost to Create: 2,000 gp (plus 
310 gp for masterwork long­
sword), 160 XP, 4 days. 

CUDGEL THAT 
NEVER FORGETS 
[RELIC] Price (Item Level): 20,312 gp (15th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 20th Aura: Strong; (DC 25) conjuration Activation: —; see text Weight: 8 lb. 
This heavy mace has a flanged iron head and a thick wooden shaft wrapped in leather cord. At its base is an intricately carved metal repl resentation of a stern, bearded face. 
This weapon was created to aid the fol­lowers of St. Cuthbert in exacting just retribution for wrongful acts. When you wield a cudgel that never forgets, it func­tions as a +1 axiomatic heavy mace if you are lawful neutral, lawful good, or neutral. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, this weapon reveals its intelligence and sen­tience (AL LN; Int 16, Wis 10, Cha 16; speech [Abyssal, Celestial, Common, and Infernal], darkvision 60 ft., hearing, Intimidate 10 ranks for a total modifier of +13). In addition, the mace can pro­duce a cure moderate wounds effect three times per day. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship St. Cuthbert and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. If you sacrifice a 7th-level divine slot (or you have the True Believer feat and at least 13 HD), the cudgel also remembers which foes have struck you and deals extra damage to them in retribution thereafter, if an enemy hits you with a weapon (including a natural weapon), the cudgel thereafter has an enhancement bonus 2 higher than normal against that foe. It also deals an extra 2d6 points of damage against that foe. No disguise or shapechang¬ ing ability can guard against 
this ability. 
A cudgel that never forgets 

speaks little except during 
combat, during which it reminds 
you in stentorian tones about the 
transgressions of each enemy, 
whether it has witnessed them 
personally ("That bugbear hath 
wounded Lidda most grievously") 
or simply assumed wrongdoing 
based on creature type ("That suc­
cubus hath surely tempted many 
good men toward evil"). The impre­
cations of a cudgel that never forgets 
count as an attempt to demoralize 
an opponent with the Intimidate 
skill (PH 76). Unless it's healing 
you, a cudgel attempts to demor­
alize an opponent every round 
during your turn. 
Lore: The first cudgel that never 
forgets was crafted by a master weaponsmith whose city was plagued by shapeshifters that attacked citizens, then disappeared into crowds. A select group of city guards, armed with the cudgels, quickly sorted out the guilty from the innocent and restored order to the city. Thereafter, the cudgels were donated to the Church of St. Cuthbert (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, cure moderate wounds, true seeing. 
Cost to Create: 10,000 gp (plus 312 gp for masterwork heavy mace), 800 XP, 20 days. 
DAGGER OF DEFIANCE Price (Item Level): 6,302 gp (10th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This ornate dagger seems light, almost fragile, with its stylized porcelain hilt. Its blade is long and thin, like a tiny rapier. 
This +1 dagger grants you a +3 resistance bonus on saves against enchantment and fear effects. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, remove fear. 
Cost to Create: 3,000 gp (plus 
302 gp for masterwork dagger), 
240 XP, 6 days. 

DAGGER OF DENIAL [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 
20,302 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) 

abjuration 
Activation: —; see text 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This black-bladed dagger has a wavy 
blade and a hilt set with a chunk of 

fool's gold. 
When you wield this weapon, it 
functions as a +1 unholy dagger. 
Unlike most relics, a dagger of 

Dagger of
denial functions for a wielder of 
denial
any alignment, and it retains its 
sentience and basic relic powers 
even if you don't establish the proper 
divine connection, though it will not 
reveal its intelligence to you or use any 
relic powers on your behalf However, if 
you aren't neutral, lawful evil, neutral 
evil, or chaotic evil, the dagger betrays 
you at the first available opportunity. A 
dagger of denial starts working against 
you by surreptitiously dispelling your 
spells and those of your allies, leaving 
you without the magic you depend on 
for battle. 
Relic Power: If you have established 
the proper divine connection, a dagger 
of denial reveals its intelligence and sen­
tience (AL NE; Int 18, Wis 10, Cha 18; 
speech, telepathy, darkvision 120 ft., 
blindsense, hearing, Intimidate 10 ranks 
for a total modifier of +13, Spellcraft 10 
ranks for a total modifier of +14, Bluff 
10 ranks for a total modifier of +14, Ego 
score 26). In addition, the dagger can use 
detect magic at will and greater dispel magic 
once per day. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Vecna and either sacrifice a 6th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 11 HD. If you sacrifice an 8th-level divine spell slot (or you have the True Believer feat and at least 15 HD), the dagger grants you a continuous detect scrying effect and can use arcane eye once per day. 
A dagger of denial takes great glee in disrupting other spellcasters. It giggles and cackles to you constantly when facing enemy spellcasters. It generally readies an action to counterspell such a foe's spellcasting with greater dispel magic. 
Lore: The four daggers of denial known to exist were originally gifts from Vecna to the wizards he charged with keeping his priests in line (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, arcane eye, detect magic, detect scrying, greater dispel 
magic. Cost to Create: 10,000 gp (plus 302 gp for masterwork dagger), 800 XP, 20 days. 
DAWNSTAR [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 9,308 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 
This morningstar has a spiked adamantine 
head and a knob of the same metal bonded to 
the end of the haft. The junctures of the haft 
and the metal portions are decorated with glowing, cabochon-cut rubies. 
Created to help bring the light of goodness into places of the darkest evil, a dawnstar is a favorite of Pelor's clergy When you wield a dawnstar, it functions as a +2 morningstar if you are lawful good, neutral good, cha­otic good, or neutral. 

Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, a dawnstar gains the brilliant energy property (DMG 224). Furthermore, if it is ever sundered or otherwise broken, it explodes, dealing 200 points of damage to every creature and object within 10 feet, 150 points of damage to all within 20 feet, and 100 points of damage to all within 30 feet. Each affected creature can attempt a DC 17 Reflex save to halve the damage. You are unharmed by the explosion. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Pelor and either sacrifice a 7th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 13 HD. 
Lore: Only four dawnstars are known to exist. They were originally gifts from Pelor to four solars who rescued one of his mortal paladins from Baator (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, sunburst. 
Cost to Create: 4,500 gp (plus 308 gp for masterwork morningstar), 360 XP, 9 days. 
DEATH SPIKE 
Price (Item Level): 6,304 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) necromancy 
Activation: Free (command) 
Weight: 6 lb. 


This long, wrought iron spear is clearly capable of causing devastating wounds. Blackened ritual runes of death appear along its length. 
A death spike allows you to draw the life energy out of a dying target, granting you temporary vitality. It functions as a +1 cold iron spear, but whenever you reduce a living creature to -1 or fewer hit points on a melee attack with the spear, you can activate it to gain 1d8 temporary hit points and a +2 morale bonus on damage rolls. These benefits last for 1 hour; multiple uses of the spear don't stack. The spear can be activated three times per day. 
If you also wear a magic item that grants a bonus to your Charisma score, you can add the item's bonus to the temporary hit points granted by the spear. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, death knell, magic weapon. 
Cost to Create: 2,000 gp (plus 304 gp for masterwork cold iron spear, plus 2,000 gp for enhancing cold iron), 160 XP, 4 days. 

DWARF CRUSHER 
Price (Item Level): 9,010 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 6th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 8 lb. 
This enormous greatclub bears thick patches of rusted metal bracing a spiked stone weight set within the gnarled head. 
This Large +1 adamantine greatclub can 
only be activated by a bearer who has a 
Strength of 21 or higher and the Power 
Attack feat. 
When it is activated, the next attack you 
make with a dwarf crusher in that round 
against a dwarf, a construct, or a creature 
that has the earth subtype is treated as a 
touch attack. You must also take at least 
a -5 penalty on this attack roll using the 
Power Attack feat in order to gain this 
benefit. This effect functions three times 
per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 
Armor, bull's strength, giant. 
Cost to Create: 6,000 gp (plus 3,010 gp for Large adamantine greatclub), 240 XP, 6 days. 
EXPLOSIVE SLING Price (Item Level): 36,300 gp (17th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) evocation Activation: — Weight: — 
This sling is made of leather that has been blackened by fire. 
This +1 sling imbues stones launched from it with an explosive charge. When you hit a target with a stone fired from an explosive sling, the stone explodes, dealing an extra 2d6 points of fire damage to the target (no save). In addition, each other creature within 10 feet of the target creature when the stone explodes is engulfed in flame from the burst of fire and takes 2d6 points of fire damage (Reflex DC 22 negates). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, fireball. 
Cost to Create: 18,000 gp (plus 
300 gp for masterwork sling), 
1,440 XP, 36 days. 

THE FIST Price (Item Level): 7,005 gp (11th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) evocation Activation: — and swift (command) Weight: — 
Thousands of black links make up this chainl mail gauntlet, its knuckles ending in pitted, battle-worn spikes. 
Forged long ago by dwarf hands, the fist 
is a +1 adamantine spiked gauntlet. While 
wearing the gauntlet, you are protected 
Dawnstar 

from chill metal and heat metal spells. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, once per day you can acti­vate the fist. When you do, your next attack with the gauntlet before the end of your turn deals an extra 2d6 points of damage, knocks the target prone, and stuns it for 1 round (Fort DC 22 negates the stun and 
prone effects).  
Prerequisites:  Craft  Magic  Arm s  
and  Armor,  Bigby's  clenched  fist,  endure  
elements.  

Cost to Create: 2,000 gp (plus 3,005 for adamantine spiked gauntlet), 160 XP, 4 days. 
FORCEFUL SKYLANCE 
Price (Item Level): 8,310 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 10 lb. 

Images of blazing blue comets streak across this slender silver lance. Blue ribbons trail from the weapon's handle. 
Three times per day, you can command this +1 lance to produce a magic missile effect, firing three missiles with each use. These missiles can be aimed at up to three targets within 150 feet of you. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, magic missile. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp (plus 310 gp for masterwork lance), 320 XP, 8 days. 
FOUNTAINHEAD 
ARROW 
Price (Item Level): 306 gp (2nd) Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) conjuration Activation: — (ammunition) Weight: — 
This redwood arrow smells acrid and feels damp to the touch. 
A fountainhead arrow is an otherwise normal arrow designed to be targeted at a point on the ground, a wall, or any other flat sur­face. If you hit the target area (treat as AC 5), the arrow creates a geyser of spewing acid. Each round on your turn (starting on the turn you fired the arrow), the arrow creates a 10-foot-radius burst of acid that deals 2d8 points of acid damage to all crea­tures in the area (Reflex DC 14 half). This effect continues for 3 rounds. 
A fountainhead arrow can be created as a crossbow bolt for the same price. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Melf's acid arrow. Cost to Create: 150 gp (plus 6 gp for mas­terwork arrow), 12 XP, 1 day. 

GALEB DUHR HAMMER Price (Item Level): 5,312 gp (10th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 15 lb. 
The head of this massive warhammer is made of living rock. 
A galeb duhr hammer acts as a +1 warhammer. In addition, if you have the stonecunning racial ability, the hammer gains an extra ability. Whenever you score a critical hit with a galeb duhr hammer against a crea­ture standing on the ground, the surface your target is standing on attempts to hold the creature in place. For 5 rounds, the victim's speed falls to 5 feet and it takes a -2 penalty on attack rolls and to AC. 
Lore: Galeb duhrs are enigmatic and taciturn rock creatures. A galeb duhr hammer is actually the nascent form of a galeb duhr, as yet unintelligent, gifted by the clan fathers to certain dwarves and other earth friends to serve as a living weapon against common enemies. Someone who wields a galeb duhr hammer without the permission of the hammer's creator faces the possibility of being hunted down and crushed (Knowledge [arcana] DC 15). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, stone shape. 
Cost to Create: 2,500 gp (plus 312 gp for masterwork warhammer), 200 XP, 5 days. 

GHOST NET 
Price (Item Level): 8,320 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 21) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This sheet of gossamer-thin netting has an iridescent sheen. 
You can throw this item at a target as though it were an ordinary net. It has no effect against corporeal targets, but any incorporeal target hit by a ghost net is treated as corporeal for the purpose of deal­ing damage to it with physical or magical attacks (though the net doesn't entangle an incorporeal target). It can be hit with normal weapons (though its normal damage reduction, if any, still applies), and it does not have the usual 50% chance to ignore damage from corporeal sources. A creature ensnared by a ghost net also cannot turn ethereal (or, if snared on the Ethereal Plane, can't return to the Material Plane). The creature retains all its other special abilities and can extract itself from the net with a successful DC 20 Escape Artist check as a full-round action. However, a ghost net can't be burst with a Strength check as a normal net can. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, ghost trap (SC 103). Cost to Create: 4,000 gp (plus 320 gp for masterwork net), 320 XP, 8 days. 

HOOKED HAMMER 
OF THE HEARTHFIRE 
[RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 5,120 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 25) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 6 lb. 
The metal ends of this gnome hooked hammer glow with a faint reddish hue. Its haft is decol rated with iron bosses and uncut gemstones. 
These weapons were created to help the gnomes defend their holdings. While you wield a hooked hammer of the hearthfire, it functions as a +1/+1 gnome hooked hammer if you are neutral good, neutral, chaotic good, or lawful good. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, both ends of this weapon also have the flaming property (DMG 224). Furthermore, your 

hooked hammer of the 
hearthfire automatically 
deals 1d6 points of fire 
damage per round to 
any kobold or gobli­
noid unfortunate 
enough to grasp 
its handle. 

To use the relic power, you must worship Garl Glittergold and either sacrifice a 4th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 7 HD. If you sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 Hit Dice, both ends of the weapon instead have the flaming burst property (DMG 224). 
Lore: It is said that Garl Glittergold gave one of these weapons to each of twelve noble gnome families many cen­turies ago. Of these, eight are believed to remain among the gnomes (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, flame strike. 
Cost to Create: 2,250 gp (plus 620 gp for masterwork/masterwork hooked hammer), 180 XP, 5 days. 
LASH OF SANDS 
Price (Item Level): 22,301 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy 
Activation: Free (mental) 
Weight: 4 lb. 

Strip of camel skin wrap the handle of this strange whip, but the rest of its length seems to be a ribbon of cohesive sand. 
This +1 desiccating burst whip is twice as heavy as a normal whip, deals lethal damage, and is effective even against opponents in armor. 
Once per day, you can activate the whip when you strike an opponent with it. Doing so creates a mass of leather bind­ings that enwrap the target, entangling it as if with a net (PH 119) for 3 rounds or until it escapes. Each round the creature remains entangled, it takes ld4 points of damage, or ld8 points if it is a plant or an elemental that has the water subtype. Nonliving creatures take no damage from this effect. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, animate rope, desiccate (Snd 114). Cost to Create: 11,000 gp (plus 301 gp for masterwork whip), 880 XP, 22 days. 
Hooked hammer of the hearthfire 
LIVING CHAIN 
Price (Item Level): 4,325 gp (9th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: — Weight: 10 lb. 
This chain sports wicked-lookl ing, razor-sharp barbs and seems to writhe with a life 
of its own. 
This +1 spiked chain coils around the target's limbs on a successful attack, 

granting you a +2 bonus on Strength checks made to trip the target. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, bull's strength. 
Cost to Create: 2,000 gp (plus 325 gp for masterwork spiked chain), 160 XP, 4 days. 
MACE OF THE DARK CHILDREN 
Price (Item Level): 8,012 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: 8 lb. 
This heavy mace's blackened metal haft looks like a fleshless human femur. Its head is shaped like a skull with three screaming skeletal faces, each howling in a different direction. 
This +1 adamantine heavy mace grants you a +3 profane bonus on rebuke undead attempts. You also treat your level as two higher when determining how many Hit Dice of undead you can rebuke. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, animate dead. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp (plus 3,012 for adamantine heavy mace), 200 XP, 5 days. 
MANTICORE GREATSWORD 
Price (Item Level): 5,350 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation 
Activation: Standard (command) or 

full-round (command) 
Weight: — 

This greatsword has a wavy blade and an oversized hilt adorned with six spikes. 
Manticore greatswords were designed to mimic the spike-throwing ability of their namesake creature. Such a weapon func­tions as a +1 greatsword. When you activate this weapon, you can launch either one spike (a standard action) or all six spikes (a full-round action) from its hilt as a ranged attack that provokes attacks of opportu­nity. Treat the spikes as thrown weapons. Each spike deals 1d6 points of piercing damage and has a range increment of 20 feet. The spikes have an enhancement bonus equal to that of the weapon, and are treated as being made of the same material and having the same alignment (if any) as the weapon. The spikes crumble to dust 1 round after they are launched from the weapon. A manticore greatsword regenerates any thrown spikes at dawn each day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, magic missile. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp (plus 350 gp for masterwork greatsword), 200 XP, 5 days. 
METEORIC KNIFE 
Price (Item Level): 2,802 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

This throwing knife is made from a seamless piece of shining black metal. 
This knife functions as a +1 dagger. In addition, a meteoric knife has three charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges enhances the dagger's magical properties as described below. The effects last for 1 round. 
1 charge: The dagger gains the return­ing property. 2 charges: The dagger gains the flaming and returning properties. 
3 charges: The dagger gains the flaming and returning properties (DMG 224-225). In addition, if it hits a creature, it deals normal damage and creates an explosion of fire that deals an extra 3d6 points of fire damage to the target and all creatures adjacent to it (Reflex DC 14 half). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, fireball, telekinesis. 
Cost to Create: 1,250 gp (plus 302 gp for masterwork dagger), 100 XP 3 days. 
MORNINGSTAR OF THE MANY [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 7,308 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 25) necromancy 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 6 lb. 
This austere morningstar glows with an eerie blue light at all times, and its form feels unstable. 
It is said that these morningstars have been dipped in the blood of creatures from every known plane on the Great Wheel. When you wield it, a morningstar of the many functions as a +1 morningstar if you are chaotic evil, neutral evil, or chaotic neutral. Furthermore, the weapon over­comes damage reduction as if it has all four of the alignment descriptors (chaotic, evil, good, and lawful). 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you can command a morningstar of the many to mutate for 6 rounds, taking on a different form and weapon property each round, as given on the following table. The weapon retains its normal enhancement bonus re­gardless of its form. 
Round Weapon and Property* 
1 vicious morningstar 2 flaming burst shortspear 3 anarchic morningstar 4 wounding battleaxe 5 unholy morningstar 6 vorpal longsword 
* See DMG 223-226 for details of 
these properties. 


After the 6th round, a morningstar of the many again becomes a +1 morningstar until you speak the command word again. This ability functions five times per day. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Erythnul and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Morningstar of the many 
Lore: The six original 
morningstars of the many 
were taken from defeated champions from the Upper Planes. The god Erythnul dipped them in the blood of their fallen owners and granted them a bit of his chaotic essence before dis­
tributing them to his own champions (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, circle of death. 
Cost to Create: 3,500 gp (plus 308 gp for masterwork morningstar), 280 XP, 7 days. 

PICK 
OF 
PIERCING Price (Item Level): 9,308 gp (12th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: Free (command) Weight: 6 lb. 
The tips of this heavy pick taper to 
needlelike points. The stylized image 
of a stern, bearded dwarf glowers from 
the center of the weapon. 

Three times per day, you can touch any 
object created of force (such as Bigby's forcel 
ful hand or a wall of force) with this +1 heavy 
pick. Treat this touch as a touch attack 
against the touch AC provided by the spell 
or AC 0, if the spell does not provide the 
force effect with an AC of its own. A suc­
cessful touch attack destroys the object as 
if you had cast disintegrate on it. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 
Armor, disintegrate. 
Cost to Create: 4,500 gp (plus 308 gp for 
masterwork pick), 360 XP, 9 days. 
QUARTERSTAFF OF BATTLE 
Price (Item Level): 24,600 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 4 lb. 
A ring of snapped arrows has been etched at one end of this metal quarterstaff, while around the other runs a ring of broken skulls. 
While wielding this +1/+1 quarterstaff you 
can attempt to disarm opponents as if you 
had the Improved Disarm feat. 
In addition, a quarterstaff of battle has 
three abilities you can use when you acti­
vate the weapon. 
1. For the next 2 rounds, the staff auto­matically deflects all ranged attacks from Medium or smaller attackers, as well as all ranged attacks created by spells of 2nd level or lower, that target you or any ally adjacent to you. This ability functions three times per day. 
2. Both ends of the staff gain the speed weapon prop­erty (DMG 225) for 5 rounds. 
This ability functions once per day. 
3. Your next attack with the quarter­staff of battle on this turn is a battlestrike. If the battlestrike hits, the quarterstaff deals an extra 2d6 points of damage, and the target is knocked prone and stunned for 1 round (Fort DC 22 negates the stun and prone effects). This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, haste, protection from arrows, Tenser's transformation. 
Cost to Create: 12,000 gp (plus 600 for masterwork/masterwork quarterstaff), 960 XP, 24 days. 

RAPIER OF DESPERATE MEASURES [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 9,320 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) 
transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 

The hilt of this rapier is set with three moonstones. At the base of the blade is an inscription that reads, "Caution is for the cowardly." 
Those who live by their wits often 
find themselves in situations over 
their heads. This rapier is an incompa­
rable boon to those in such situations. 
When you wield a rapier of desperate 
measures, it functions as a +2 rapier if 
you are chaotic neutral, neutral, 
chaotic good, or chaotic evil. 
Relic Power: If you 
have established the 
proper divine connec­
tion, a rapier of desperate 
measures gains the keen prop­
erty (DMG 225) while you have 
fewer than your full normal hit 
points, and the speed property (DMG 225) while you have fewer than half your full normal hit points. 
To use the relic power, you must worship Oli¬ dammara and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Lore: The first of these rapiers was crafted by a rogue/sorcerer who had been rescued one too many times by her party's pala­din, only to hear a lecture on her erratic behavior. She gave the rapier to a disguised Olidam¬ 
mara when she met him in a tavern. Since then, the Laugh­ing Rogue has awarded one of these rapiers to a fellow traveler whenever the whim strikes him (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic 
Arms and Armor, 
Sanctify Relic, keen 
edge. 
Cost to Create: 4,500 gp 
(plus 320 gp for masterwork rapier), 360 XP, 9 days. 
RAPIER OF UNERRING DIRECTION [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 9,320 gp (12th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 20th Aura: Strong; (DC 25) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This rapier has a curved blade and a hand guard of delicate golden filigree. 
This deadly weapon can find hidden enemies and pierce the protective magic that veils their true locations. When you wield a rapier of unerring direction, it func­tions as a +1 ghost touch rapier. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, a rapier of unerring direction automatically ignores all miss chances, whether they stem from concealment, blink, displacement, or some other source. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Fharlanghn and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Lore: Originally a gift to Fharlanghn from Olidammara, this rapier has since been copied several times by Fharlanghn's most powerful clerics 
(Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, true seeing. Cost to Create: 4,500 gp (plus 320 gp for masterwork rapier), 360 XP, 9 days. 

RAPTOR ARROW [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 6,006 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration 
Activation: — (ammunition) 
Weight: — 

This arrow is carved from a straight piece of ash and fletched with feathers from a predal tory bird. Its head is curved at the tip, like a raptors beak. 
Raptor arrows harness the power of the falcon to skewer their prey When you fire a raptor arrow, it functions as a +1 arrow with a variant of the returning quality if you are neutral good, lawful good, chaotic good, or neutral. At the beginning of the round after it is fired from a bow, a raptor arrow flies through the air and restrings itself on the bow from which it was fired. Unlike most ammunition, raptor arrows are not destroyed when used. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, a raptor arrow also gains the bane property (DMG 224) against the targeted foe. 
To use the relic power, you must worship Ehlonna and either sacrifice a 4th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat. 
Lore: The first of these arrows (reput­edly a set of five) gained relic status when Ehlonna used them to slay a great wyrm green dragon that was rampaging through a primeval forest (Knowledge [religion] DC 20) 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, summon monster I. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp (plus 6 gp for masterwork arrow), 240 XP, 6 days. 
ROD OF CATS 
Price (Item Level): 10,600 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation and 

transmutation Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 4 lb. 
The head of this long rod of black wood bears the stylized visage of a wise-looking feline, its green gemstone eyes glimmering as if alive. 
When held, this +1/masterwork quarterstaff grants you low-light vision and a +5 com­petence bonus on Hide and Move Silently checks. These are continuous effects and requires no activation. 
Once per day, you can activate a 
rod of cats to gain one of two different 
effects: The rod creates a spider climb 
effect on you with a duration of 
50 minutes, or it creates a darkl 
ness effect, targeted on the rod. 
You and anyone else touching 
the rod of cats can see normally 
within this darkness. 

The rod also has a secret 
compartment (requiring a suc­
cessful DC 25 Search check 
to find) large enough to 
hold a set of thieves' tools, 
a scroll, or another object of 
similar size. 

Prerequisites: Craft Magic 
Arms and Armor, Craft Rod, 

cat's grace, darkness, low-light 
vision (SC 134), spider climb. 

Cost to Create: 5,000 gp 
(plus 600 gp for masterwork/ 
masterwork quarterstaff), 
400 XP, 10 days. 


ROD OF CELESTIAL MIGHT 
Price (Item Level): 38,600 gp 
(17th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) 

conjuration 
Activation: See text Weight: 5 lb. 
As long as a quarterstaff, this rod is carved from a single length of arrow-straight ash, and its ends are shod in gold and silver bands. 
Designed to battle the denizens of the Lower Planes, a rod of celestial might functions as a +1/+1 quarterstaff. Its abili­ties can be activated only by a non-evil character. A rod of celestial might has two abilities you can activate under specific circumstances. 
1. 
After a successful attack with the rod against an evil outsider, you can trigger a holy smite effect centered on the target as an immediate (command) action. This ability functions three times per day. 

2.
 If you are within 60 feet of an evil outsider, you can summon an avoral guar­dinal (as summon monster VII) as a standard (command) action. This ability functions once per day. 


Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Rod, holy smite, summon monster VII. 
Cost	 to Create: 19,000 gp (plus 600 gp for masterwork/masterwork quar­terstaff), 1,520 XP, 38 days. 
ROD OF DEFIANCE 
Price (Item Level): 7,312 gp (11th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This crudely shaped, bone-white rod resembles a cudgel. 
You can use a rod of defiance in combat as a +1 heavy mace. In addi­tion, each undead creature within 
30 feet of you while you hold the rod is treated as if it had 4 fewer Hit Dice (minimum 1 HD) for the purpose of turn or rebuke undead checks. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic 
Arms and Armor, Craft Rod, turn undead or rebuke undead. 
Cost to Create: 3,500 gp (plus 312 gp for masterwork heavy mace), 280 XP, 7 days. 

ROD OF ENERVATING STRIKE 
Price (Item Level): 18,312 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 15th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: 8 lb. 

This iron-shod oaken rod is blackened and weathered, yet sturdy. 
Crafted from wood exposed to the Nega­tive Energy Plane, a rod of enervating strike functions as a +1 heavy mace. In addition, when you successfully strike a creature with the rod in melee, the target is sub­jected to an inflict light wounds effect (1d8+5 damage; Will DC 11 half). If you score a critical hit with the rod, the creature is instead subjected to an inflict serious wounds effect (3d8+15 damage; Will DC 14 half). 
When you use the rod on a minor nega­tive-dominant plane, its inflict effects are empowered as if by the Empower Spell feat. When used on a major negative-domi­nant plane, these effects are maximized as if by the Maximize Spell feat. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Rod, inflict serious wounds. 
Cost to Create: 9,000 gp (plus 312 gp for masterwork heavy mace), 720 XP, 18 days. 
ROD OF FREEDOM 
Price (Item Level): 18,402 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) abjuration 
Activation: See text 
Weight: 6 lb. 

This macelike scepter has an ornate head fashioned of gold filigree mounted on a thick copper shaft. 
This +1 silver heavy mace has three special abilities. 
As long as the rod of freedom is in your hand, you gain a +4 morale bonus on saving throws against charm or compul­sion effects. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, you can activate a rod of freedom as a free (mental) action at will to deal nonlethal damage without penalty on your next attack roll. You must decide before you make the attack whether you will activate this ability. 
Third, any time you strike a creature that is under a charm or compulsion effect with the rod, you can activate it as a swift (command) action to make a special caster level check (ld20+9) and attempt to dispel the effect (DC 11 + caster level of the effect). This ability functions five times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic 
Arms and Armor, Craft Rod, 

break enchantment. 
Cost to Create: 9,000 gp (plus 
402 gp for masterwork silver 
heavy mace), 720 XP, 18 days. 

ROD OF THE RECLUSE [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 9,305 gp 
(12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) 

necromancy 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 5 lb. 

This rod resembles a giant spider 
leg, complete with segmentations 
and coarse black hairs. 

Rods of the recluse are usually 
found in the possession of 
Lolth's high priestesses. When 
you wield this rod, it functions 
as a +2 light mace if you are cha­
otic evil, neutral evil, or chaotic 
neutral. 

Relic Power: If you have 
established the proper divine 
connection, you can activate 
the rod to deliver poison (Fort 
DC 20, 2d6 Str/2d6 Str) with 
the next melee attack you make 
with it. If you score a critical hit, 
the Strength damage from that 
blow (both initial and second­
ary) becomes Strength drain 
instead. This ability functions 
five times per day. 

To use the relic power, you 
must worship Lolth and either 
sacrifice a 6th-level divine spell 
slot or have the True Believer 
feat and at least 11 HD. 

Lore: These weapons were originally crafted by Lolth from the legs of driders who attempted to regain her favor (Knowl­edge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Rod, Sanctify Relic, poison. 
Cost to Create: 4,500 gp (plus 305 gp for masterwork light mace), 360 XP, 9 days. 
ROD OF SURPRISES 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp 
(10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 8th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) illusion, 

transmutation 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

Numerous seams, hinges, and bolts cover this otherwise simple-looking blunt metal rod. At one end, five black buttons jut forth. 
Similar to a rod of lordly might, a rod of surprises has both combat and utilitarian features. Its buttons can be depressed, singly or in various combinations, to cause the rod to lengthen and even sprout a blade. It can be used as a javelin, kama, longspear, quarterstaff, scythe, shortspear, short sword, or spear. A rod is treated as a +1 weapon in any of these forms. 
The rod can store a message of up to twenty-five words as the magic mouth spell, replaying the message when the trigger­ing conditions are met (such as when a specific word is spoken). You can reset the message as a standard action, and you choose the trigger. 
The rod can also lengthen up to 60 feet and support up to 800 pounds without bending. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Rod, levitate, magic mouth, wood shape. 
Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 9 days. 
ROD OF WHIPS 
Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp 
(14th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) 

transmutation 
Activation: Standard 
(command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

Tightly wrapped and knotl 
ted strands of black leather 
make up this short rod, 
allowing for a solid grip, which 
nonetheless looks incomplete. 

On command, a rod of whips grows a magic tendril of force from one end that functions as a whip. Once activated, a rod of whips acts as a +1 dancing whip that can strike incor­poreal creatures as a force effect. 
A rod of whips can be activated three times per day, and each acti­vation lasts for 10 rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic 
Arms and Armor, Craft 
Rod, animate objects, spiritual 
weapon. 

Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 
15 days. 

ROGUE BLADE 
Price (Item Level): 12,320 gp (13th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) illusion Activation: Swift (mental) Weight: 2 lb. 
The edges of this elegant rapier 
seem to fade and twitch, making it difficult to look at directly and surrounding it with a blur of 
motion though it remains perl fectly still. 
When you activate this +1 rapier, it provides you with the effect of a blink spell 
for 6 rounds. The effect ends prematurely if you stop holding the rogue blade. This effect can be 
used twice per day. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, blink. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp (plus 320 gp for masterwork rapier), 480 XP, 12 days. 
RUBY BLADE 
[RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 20,302 gp (15th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 20th Aura: Strong; (DC 25) evocation Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 1 lb. 

This deep red, translucent dagger is carved from a single piece of crystal. It has a rounded, razor-sharp blade and a second blade-shaped head at its other end, though the latter is too small to be usable as a weapon. Its ornate design pays homage to the gemcutter's art. 
When you wield a ruby blade, it func­tions as a +1 axiomatic dagger if you are lawful evil, lawful neutral, lawful good, or neutral. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, and if you have levels in a class that allows you to rebuke undead, your effective level in that class is considered 4 higher for the purpose of bolstering, rebuking, or commanding undead. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, you can activate a ruby blade to produce the effect of a status spell once per day. 
To use the relic power, you must worship Wee Jas and either sacrifice a 6th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 11 HD. 
Lore: Legend holds that the first 
ruby blades were plucked from 
among the gems on the hem of 
Wee Jas's gown. Since then, cer­
tain high priests have acquired the 
skill to create them (Knowledge 
[religion] DC 20). 

Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms 
and Armor, Sanctify Relic, order's 
wrath, status. 

Cost to Create: 10,000 gp (plus 302 gp for masterwork dagger), 120 XP, 20 days. 
SCOURGE OF PAIN 
Price (Item Level): 26,320 gp 
(16th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 

The black leather lashes of this terrible 
scourge are covered in lengths of rusted 
wire, bits of broken red glass, and tiny 
fangs. 

Each time this +1 scourge strikes, it 
deals an extra 1d8 points of nonlethal 
damage and causes agonizing pain in 
the creature struck. The target takes 
a -4 penalty on attack rolls, saving 
throws, and checks for 1d4 rounds 

(Fort DC 17 negates). Multiple strikes on the same creature don't stack. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, symbol of pain. 
Cost to Create: 13,000 gp (plus 320 gp 
for masterwork scourge), 1,040 XP, 
26 days. 

SKEWER-OF­GNOMES [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 9,302 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 4 lb. 
This spear has an ornate bone head carved to resemble a skull with its mouth open in a scream. Its shaft is set with long spikes, and the base is shod with a metal tip molded in the shape of a skull. 
Carried primarily by kobold heroes, these spears were designed to be true to their name. When you carry 
a skewer-of-gnomes, it functions as a Small +1 gnome bane spear if you are lawful evil, lawful neutral, or neutral evil. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, the spear also gains the unholy property (DMG 226) 
and reveals its quasisentience 
and abilities to you. A skewer-of­gnomes automatically sets itself against a charge, 
attacking and dealing double damage whenever a foe charges you. This attack uses your highest base attack bonus and all relevant modifiers, just as if you were making an attack of opportunity. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Kurtulmak and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the 
True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Lore: The first four skewers-of­gnomes were created for the kings of the most powerful kobold 
tribes by weaponsmiths working in cooperation with Kurtulmak's clergy. Since then, the secret of their manufac­ture has been passed down from parent to child and is known to only a handful of kobold weaponmakers (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, unholy blight. 
Cost to Create: 4,500 gp (plus 302 gp for masterwork spear), 360 XP, 9 days. 
SPEAR OF RETRIBUTION [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 9,302 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 6 lb. 
The shaft of this rowanwood spear appears slightly curved, and its base is shod with a metal arrow point. 
Spears of retribution are widely known as the instruments of Gruumsh's wrath. When you wield a spear of retribution, it functions as a +1 returning spear if 
you are chaotic evil, chaotic neutral, or neutral evil. Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you gain 
a +2 morale bonus on attack rolls and damage rolls made with a spear of retribul tion against any enemy that dealt damage 
to you in the previous round. Against an enemy that scored a critical hit against you in the previous round, the spear also gains the keen property (DMG 225). 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Gruumsh and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True 
Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Lore: Once in a great while, Gru­umsh flings a spear at one of his clerics with whom he is annoyed. If that cleric then atones for the transgression and keeps the spear, it becomes a spear of retribution (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, righteous might. Cost to Create: 4,500 gp (plus 302 gp for masterwork spear), 180 XP, 9 days. 
SPECTRAL DAGGER Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) necromancy Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This pocked and notched piece of yellowed bone seems to have once been used as the pommel for a dagger, though the blade is now missing. 
When you grasp the hilt of a spectral dagger, 
a "blade" of ghostly light coalesces into 
existence. The weapon has no enhance­ment bonus (and can't be imbued with one). Attacks with a spectral dagger are treated as touch attacks, but the weapon does not deal damage normally. Instead, any target struck by the weapon is affected by a chill touch spell (Fort DC 11 partial or Will DC 11 negates; see PH 209). A spectral dagger fades away if it leaves your hand, so the weapon can't be used to make ranged attacks. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, chill touch. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 

SPIDER FANG Price (Item Level): 5,302 gp (9th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
Of grotesque design, this seemingly organic dagger appears to be made from sharpened layers of purple-black chitin. Sinister weblike patterns cover its surface, and the blade occal sionally twitches and jerks of its own accord. 
This +1 dagger quickly cuts 
through webs (magical or 
otherwise) without getting 
stuck. As a move action, 
you can cut through a web 
entangling you or another 
creature. You can move 
through webs created by 
a web spell at half your 
normal speed (although 
the weapon doesn't prevent 
you from being stuck in 
either of these webs in the 
first place). These are con­
tinuous effects and require 
no activation. 

Once per day, you can 
activate a spider fang to 
create a freestanding 10­foot-by-10-foot vertical 
curtain of cobwebs. This 
curtain doesn't block move­
ment, but does provide 
concealment to creatures 
behind it. Anyone touch­
ing the curtain causes it 
to collapse, dealing 2d4 
points of acid damage to that 
creature. 

Prerequisites: Craft Magic 
Arms and Armor, Melfs acid 
arrow, web. 

Cost to Create: 2,500 gp 
(plus 302 gp for masterwork 
dagger), 200 XP, 5 days. 

STAFF OF THE 
UNYIELDING OAK 
[RELIC] Price (Item Level): 5,600 gp (10th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 20th Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 4 lb. 
This sturdy quarterstaff is formed of living wood, as evidenced by the tender shoots and leaves along its length. 
A staff of the unyielding oak is actually a treant bound into quarterstaff form. When you wield this weapon, it functions as a +1/+1 quarterstaff if you are neutral, neu­tral good, neutral evil, lawful neutral, or chaotic neutral. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you can command this staff to become a treant. This ability functions like the chang­estaff spell, except that the treant is fully real and can speak to other treants and animated trees. If a staff of the unyielding oak in treant form is reduced to 0 hit points or fewer, it reverts to staff form and cannot be used again for twenty-eight days. The staff can take treant form any number of times per day, but can be in that form for only 12 
hours overall during any one day. To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Obad-Hai and either sacrifice a 8th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 15 HD. Lore: These staffs, of which three are known to exist, are treants that have willingly bound themselves into quarterstaff form to aid Obad-Hai's followers. Each willingly serves for a year and a day, after which another treant takes over the responsibility (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, changestaff. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp (plus 600 gp for masterwork/masterwork quarter­staff), 200 XP, 5 days. 
STONEREAVER 
Price (Item Level): 6,320 gp (10th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 8th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 12 lb. 

Half of the head of this greataxe is a curved 
blade, while the other side tapers to a chisel-point pick on the other. The haft looks as thought it's made from cracked granite. 
In the hands of a nondwarf, stonereaver functions as a +1 greataxe. 
In the hands of a dwarf, the weapon also gains the bane property (DMG 224) against elementals that have the earth subtype and against constructs primarily made of earth, stone, or metal. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, stone shape. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp (plus 320 gp for masterwork greataxe), 240 XP, 6 days. 
STUNSHOT SLING 
Price (Item Level): 7,800 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: Free (command) 
Weight: — 

This sling is stitched with tiny images of styll ized bull's heads. 
This weapon functions as a +1 sling. Three times per day, you can activate a stunshot sling so that the next target you hit on your current turn must succeed on a Fortitude save (DC equal to your attack roll result) or be stunned for 1 round. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, sound burst. Cost to Create: 3,750 gp (plus 300 gp for masterwork sling), 300 XP, 8 days. 
SWORD OF MIGHTY 
THEWS [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 9,350 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: —(held) 
Caster Level: 20th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 25) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 8 lb. 
This ostentatious greatsword is decorated with golden filigree, and its hilt is set with a large ruby. Along its blade is an inscription in Dral conic that reads, "Size is not strength." 
These swords were designed for dragon-slayers of great strength. When you wield a sword of mighty thews, it functions as a +1 dragonbane greatsword, provided that you are chaotic good, neutral good, or chaotic neutral. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you are immune to the frightful presence of dragons as long as you wield the sword. In addition, you gain a +5 luck bonus 

Staff of the unyielding oak Sword of mighty thews 
on Reflex saves against a dragon's breath weapon. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Kord and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Lore: Kord's high clerics forged these greatswords in homage to the god's signa­ture weapon, Kelmar. Since their creation, Kord has awarded one every decade to a hero who has earned his favor (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Sanctify Relic, antidragon aura (SC 14). 
Cost to Create: 4,500 gp (plus 350 gp for masterwork greatsword), 180 XP, 9 days. 
SWORD OF VIRTUE BEYOND REPROACH [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 9,315 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 4 lb. 

The blade of this golden longsword is set with four cabochon-cut rubies, and its pommel sports a ruby-centered golden sun. 
A sword of virtue beyond reproach is designed to grant a measure of respite from charms and compulsions. When you wield this weapon, it functions as a +1 holy longsword if you are lawful good, neutral good, or lawful neutral. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection and you fail a save against an enemy's charm or compulsion effect while wielding the sword, you are immune to its effects for 1d4 rounds (DM rolls secretly). The effect is only suppressed during this time, not negated. When the period of suppression ends, any effects received during previous rounds take effect. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Heironeous and either sacrifice a 6th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 11 HD. 
Lore: Four of these longswords were commissioned from celestial dwarves by the great paladin Tardalius the Head­strong, who won favor from Heironeous for his conspicuous valor. Tardalius pre­sented the swords to his four sons, who followed in his footsteps (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms 
and Armor, Sanctify Relic, mind 
blank. 

Cost to Create: 4,500 gp (plus 
315 gp for masterwork longsword), 
180 XP, 9 days. 

SWORDBOW 
Price (Item Level): 
6,375 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) 

transmutation 
Activation: Free (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

The limbs of this bow appear to be 
made of sharpened metal, as if the 
bow had been crafted from two thin, 
flexible swords. 

This +1 longbow changes into a +1 
longsword (or vice versa) when acti­
vated. You can interchange bow and 
sword attacks as part of the same 
full attack action. 

In sword form, the weapon fea­
tures a bowlike grip and a pommel 
that resembles the curving tip of a 
bow. In bow form, the weapon is 
made of metal, and each limb of 
the bow resembles a sword blade. 

In either form, a swordbow has 
the same enhancement bonus. A 
swordbow's enhancement bonus 
can be improved as if improving 
two separate weapons (for example, 

improving a +1 swordbow to a +2 swordbow costs 12,000 gp, just as if you were improv­ing two +1 weapons to +2). A swordbow can have special weapon properties added to it (such as flaming); such properties cost twice the normal amount (again, as if improving two separate weapons) and apply to both weapons if possible. If a property can't apply to both weapons (such as vorpal or distance), it applies only to the swordbow when it is in an eligible form (for instance, a +1 swordbow of distance is a distance weapon only in bow form). If a property can apply to the weapon in only one of its forms, it does not cost double the regular price. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, shrink item, elf. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp (plus 375 gp for masterwork longbow), 240 XP, 6 days. 
SWORDBOW, GREAT 
Price (Item Level): 6,775 gp (11th) 
Weight: 8 lb. 

This massive bow is made entirely razor-sharp steel, yet it clearly functions as a potent ranged weapon. 
This item functions as a swordbow (see above), except that its two forms are a +1 composite longbow (+4 Str bonus) and a +1 greatsword. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, shrink item, elf. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp (plus 775 gp for masterwork composite longbow), 240 XP, 6 days. 
SWORDBOW, LIGHT 
Price (Item Level): 6,330 gp (10th) 
Weight: 2 lb. 
Small and compact, this bow seems made of thin, but strong, metal sharp enough to rival the deadliest of swords. 
This item functions as a swordbow, except that its two forms are a +1 shortbow and a +1 rapier. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, shrink item, elf. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp (plus 330 gp for masterwork shortbow), 240 XP, 6 days. 
TENTACLE ROD 
Price (Item Level): 14,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 6th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) 

transmutation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
Sword of virtue beyond 
reproach 
Three long, russet-colored tentacles sprout from the end of this 2-foot-long rod, writhing sinuously. 
When activated, a tentacle rod makes three attacks (one per tentacle) against a single target within your melee reach that you designate. The rod uses its own attack bonus (+12) rather than yours, and each attack deals 6 points of bludgeoning damage. Treat the rod as a magic weapon for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. 
If all three tentacles strike the same living creature in a round, that creature becomes slowed (as the slow spell) for 5 rounds (Fort DC 14 negates). 
Lore: The secret to crafting the first tentacle rod was learned through nightmar­ish visions granted by the Elder Elemental Eye (a vile and mysterious divine entity) to its most devoted followers (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Wielding one of these gruesome items soon became a status symbol among the cult's leaders, which led to a need for a greater version for the most powerful followers of the Elder Elemental Eye (Knowledge [religion] DC 25). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Rod, animate objects, Evard's black tentacles, slow. 
Cost to Create: 7,000 gp, 560 XP, 14 days. 
TENTACLE ROD, GREATER 
Price (Item Level): 36,000 gp (17th) Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation Weight: 6 lb. 
Six long violet tentacles sprout from the end of this 2-foot-long rod, writhing sinuously when you grasp the handle. 
When activated, a greater tentacle rod makes six attacks (one per tentacle) against a single target within your melee reach that you designate. The rod uses its own attack bonus (+18), and each attack deals 9 points of bludgeoning damage. Treat the rod as a magic weapon for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. 
If at least three of a greater tentacle rod's tentacles strike the same living creature in a round, that creature becomes fatigued (Fort DC 20 negates); creatures already fatigued suffer no additional effect. If all six tentacles strike the same living creature in a round, that creature instead becomes exhausted (Fort DC 20 negates). 
Lore: See tentacle rod, above. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 
Armor, Craft Rod, animate  objects,  Evard's  
black  tentacles,  ray  of  exhaustion,  ray  of  
fatigue.  

Cost to Create: 18,000 gp, 1,440 XP, 36 days. 
TRIDENT OF SERENITY Price (Item Level): 5,315 gp (10th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) enchantment Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 4 lb. 
This trident looks almost delicate, with fine points on its gradually curving prongs. Silver and pearl inlays form lazy swirls down the weapons haft. 
When you activate this +1 trident, it cre­ates a calm emotions effect centered on you (Will DC 16 negates). The effect lasts for 5 rounds and does not require concentra­tion. Any creature that successfully saves against this effect is immune to further uses of that ability for 24 hours. 
This ability functions three times per day. 
Lore: Originally created by aquatic elves for use against the blood frenzy of sahuagin, this weapon has become equally useful in fending off savage barbarians who raid coastal areas (Knowledge [arcana] DC 15). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, calm emotions. 

Cost to Create: 2,500 gp (plus 315 gp for masterwork trident), 200 XP, 5 days. 
VIPERBLADE 
Price (Item Level): 6,302 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) necromancy 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

The hilt of this dagger is shaped like a snake, and the twisted blade looks like an impossibly long tongue. 
Created by cults that worship serpent dei­ties, these +1 daggers are prized for their ability to secrete toxic venom. A viperblade has 5 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges envenoms the blade (at no risk to you) for the next attack you make during this turn. The poison deals ld6 points of Constitution damage (both primary and secondary). The save DC depends on the number of charges spent: 
1 charge: Fortitude DC 12. 2 charges: Fortitude DC 15. 3 charges: Fortitude DC 18. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 
Armor, poison. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp (plus 302 gp for masterwork dagger), 300 XP, 6 days. 
WARLOCK'S SCEPTER 
Price (Item Level): 8,305 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; 

(DC 20) 
necromancy 

Activation: — or 
swift (mental); see 
text 

Weight: 3 lb. 
This sturdy ebony rod is surmounted by a 
carving of a demonic, horned skull. 

This +1 light mace confers a +1 pro­
fane bonus on your ranged touch 
attack rolls while you hold it. This 
is a continuous effect and requires 
no activation. 

Furthermore, a warlock's scepter has 
5 charges, which are renewed each day 
at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges 
improves the damage of the next 
eldritch blast (CAr 7) you make in 
that round. 

1 charge: +ld6 damage. 
3 charges: +2d6 damage. 
5 charges: +4d6 damage. 
After these charges have been expended, 

the rod remains a +1 light mace, but it no longer provides a bonus on ranged touch attack rolls until its charges are restored. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Rod, bestow curse. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp (plus 305 gp for masterwork light mace), 320 XP, 8 days. 
WATER WHIP Price (Item Level): 20,301 gp (15th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 8th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 2 lb. 
This strange weapon looks less like a tradil tional whip and more like a tube of water, tapering along its length to icicle sharpness at one end. The handle is crafted from a pale blue crystal shard. 
This +1 whip shimmers and undulates with deceptive grace when held. Unlike a normal whip, a water whip deals lethal damage and can affect armored creatures. Furthermore, while wielding a water whip, you are difficult to disarm. If the whip is knocked from your grasp, it immediately flows back into your hand at the beginning of your next turn (even if it is within some­one else's grasp) as long as it is within 30 feet of you. Doing this requires no action on your part. In addition, drawing a water whip is always a free action. 
Both a fire elemental and water elemen­tal are bound within a water whip, allowing it to emanate either of two energy prop­erties, flaming or frost (DMG 224). You choose the property when you activate the whip, and it deals an extra 1d6 points of the appropriate kind of damage (fire or cold). 
Lore: The first water whip was created by a sahuagin druid named Ak'ash'eck, who roamed the fringes of a great reef a decade ago (Knowledge [history] DC 20). 
Ak'ash'eck enjoyed preying on unwary folk sailing south to trade with other sahuagin. He was famous for the trick of ensnaring a victim near the railing of a ship passing at night, then pulling the victim overboard before an alarm could be raised (Knowledge [history] DC 30). 
Prerequisites: Bind Elemental (ECS 51) 
or Craft Magic Arms and Armor, planar 
binding. 

Cost to Create: 10,000 (plus 301 gp for masterwork whip), 800 XP, 20 days. 
WHIP OF WEBS 
Price (Item Level): 6,301 gp (10th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration Activation: Free (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
Complex strands of tightly braided spider webs have been woven together to create this unusual whip. Tiny, multilegged black shapes skitter up and down its length, hiding amid its countless knots. 
When you strike a creature with this +1 whip, you can activate it to wrap the target in a web of tough, leathery 
filaments. The creature is entangled as if by a net (PH 119) for 3 rounds or until it escapes. Multiple strikes by a whip of webs aren't cumulative. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, web. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp (plus 301 gp for masterwork whip), 240 XP, 6 days. 
Warlock's scepter 

WEAPON AUGMENT CRYSTALS 
Augment crystals are a new category of magic items. See page 221 for details on how they function. 

CRYSTAL OF ADAMANT WEAPONRY 
Price (Item Level): 300 gp (2nd) (least); 1,400 gp (5th) (lesser); 3,400 gp (8th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) 
Caster Level: 9th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
This clasp holds a small diamond orb with a sphere of steel at its center. 
A crystal of adamant weaponry strengthens your weapon against damage. Least: This crystal improves the hard­ness of a weapon by 2. Lesser: This crystal improves the hard­ness of a weapon by 5. Greater: This crystal improves the hardness of a weapon by 10. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, diamondsteel (SC 64). 
Cost to Create: 150 gp, 12 XP, 1 day (least); 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days (lesser); 1,700 gp, 136 XP, 4 days (greater). 

CRYSTAL OF ARCANE STEEL 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) (least); 2,000 gp (6th) (lesser); 6,000 gp (10th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
The needlelike iron deposits in this spherical quartz crystal pulse with arcane energy. 
A crystal of arcane steel is designed for those who can blend magical and martial arts into a single strike. It functions only when attached to a melee weapon. 
Least: This crystal grants a +1 insight bonus on your weapon damage roll when delivering a spell or spell-like ability through a melee attack with the weapon. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, and it also grants you a +1 insight bonus on the attack roll. 
Greater: As the lesser crystal, and it also increases the save DC of the spell or spell-like ability by 1. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, magic weapon. 
Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day (least); 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days (lesser); 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days (greater). 
CRYSTAL OF ENERGY ASSAULT 
Price (Item Level): 600 gp (3rd) (least); 3,000 gp (7th) (lesser); 6,000 gp (10th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
Acid Assault 
This crystal seems to contain an incandescent green fluid. 
Cold Assault 
Covered in a faint layer of condensation, this clear crystal radiates chilling waves of energy. 
Electricity Assault A brilliant blue color, this crystal sparks and snaps with electrical discharge. 
Fire Assault 
This fiery red crystal appears to burn with a heatless flame. 
A crystal of energy assault adds a particu­lar type of energy damage to a weapon's attacks: acid, cold, electricity, or fire. This bonus damage doesn't stack with any energy damage of the same type dealt by the weapon. 
Least: This crystal adds 1 point of energy damage of its type to the weapon's damage. 
Lesser: This crystal adds an extra 1d6 points of energy damage of its type to the weapon's damage. 
Greater: This crystal adds an extra 1d6 points of energy damage of its type to the weapon's damage, as well as a secondary effect depending on the type of crystal: 
Acid Assault: Target takes -1 penalty to AC for 1 round (multiple hits on the same creature don't stack). 
Cold Assault: Target's speed is reduced by 10 feet for 1 round, to a minimum speed of 5 feet (multiple hits on the same creature don't stack). 
Electricity Assault: Target is dazzled for 1 round. 
Fire Assault: Target takes an additional 1d6 points of fire damage 1 round later (multiple hits on the same creature don't increase the next round's damage beyond 1d6). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor; Melfs acid arrow, ray of frost, lightl ning bolt, or fireball; or energy bolt (EPH 100). 
Cost to Create: 300 gp, 24 XP, 1 day (least); 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days (lesser); 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days (greater). 
CRYSTAL OF 
ILLUMINATION 
Price (Item Level): 100 gp (1st) (least); 400 gp (2nd) (lesser); 1,000 gp (4th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This faceted, yellow crystal glows as if a small spark burns within it. 
Activating a crystal of illumination causes your weapon to glow. 
Least: The weapon sheds bright illu­mination in a 5-foot radius and shadowy illumination for 5 feet beyond that. 
Lesser: The weapon sheds bright illu­mination in a 20-foot radius and shadowy illumination for 20 feet beyond that. 
Greater: The weapon sheds bright illu­mination in a 60-foot radius and shadowy illumination for 60 feet beyond that. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, daylight. 
Cost to Create: 50 gp, 4 XP, 1 day (least); 200 gp, 16 XP, 1 day (lesser); 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day (greater). 
CRYSTAL OF LIFE DRINKING 
Price (Item Level): 400 gp (2nd) (least); 1,500 gp (5th) (lesser); 6,000 gp (10th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This transparent black crystal has a faint, sickly glow. 
A crystal of life drinking bestows a small amount of life energy upon you each time you damage a living creature with the weapon to which the crystal is attached. Dealing nonlethal damage with the weapon doesn't activate the crystal's effect. 
Least: Each time you deal damage to a living creature with the weapon to which this crystal is attached, you heal 1 point of damage. When the crystal has healed a total of 10 points of damage, it becomes inert until the following day. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, except that you heal 3 points of damage with each attack until the crystal has healed 30 points of damage. 
Greater: As the least crystal, except that you heal 5 points of damage with each attack until the crystal has healed 50 points of damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, vampiric touch. 
Cost to Create: 200 gp, 16 XP, 1 day (least); 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days (lesser); 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days (greater). 
CRYSTAL OF RETURN 
Price (Item Level): 300 gp (2nd) (least); 1,000 (4th) (lesser); 4,000 gp (8th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
This crystal is the color of a cloudless sky. 
A crystal of return allows a weapon to leap into its owner's hand. 
Least: This crystal allows you to draw the weapon to which it is attached as a free action. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, and in addition you can call the weapon (if unat­tended) to your hand from up to 30 feet away as a move action. 
Greater: As the lesser crystal, and the weapon also gains the returning property (DMG 225). This property functions only for a weapon designed to be thrown. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, mage hand. 
Cost to Create: 150 gp, 12 XP, 1 day (least); 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day (lesser); 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days (greater). 
CRYSTAL OF SECURITY Price (Item Level): 300 gp (2nd) (least); 1,000 gp (4th) (lesser); 3,000 gp (7th) (greater) Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — Weight: — 
This cool, silver-tinted crystal emanates feelings of peace and safety when held. 
A crystal of security makes a weapon cling tightly to your hand during normal use. 
Least: This crystal grants you a +2 bonus on any check made to draw the weapon (such as when grappling) or to keep the weapon in your hand (such as on an opposed disarm check or an opposed Strength check if you and an opponent both grab the weapon). 
Lesser: As the least crystal, except the bonus is +5. Greater: As the least crystal, except the bonus is +10. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, bull's strength. 
Cost to Create: 150 gp, 12 XP, 1 day (least); 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day (lesser); 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days (greater). 
DEMOLITION CRYSTAL 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) 
(least); 3,000 gp (7th) (lesser); 
6,000 gp (10th) (greater) 

Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This blue-white diamond bears a tiny adal mantine emblem of a hammer. 
Demolition crystals were designed for those who fight constructs, particularly for the servants of wizards who battle enemy golems. 
Least: A weapon with this crystal attached deals an extra 1d6 points of damage to constructs. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, and the weapon is treated as adamantine for the purpose of overcoming the damage reduc­tion of constructs. 
Greater: As the lesser crystal, and the weapon can deliver sneak attacks and critical hits against constructs as if they were living creatures. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, disintegrate. 
Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day (least); 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days (lesser); 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days (greater). 
FIENDSLAYER CRYSTAL 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) (least); 3,000 gp (7th) (lesser); 5,000 gp (9th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This perfect crystal sphere emits a faint white glow. 
A fiendslayer crystal helps you fight crea­tures infused with evil. 
Least: A weapon with this crystal attached deals an extra 1d6 points of damage to evil outsiders. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, and the weapon is treated as good-aligned for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. 
Greater: As the lesser crystal, and if the weapon scores a critical hit against an evil outsider, that creature can't use any tele­portation abilities or spells for 1 round. 
Any evil creature grasping a weapon that bears a fiendslayer crystal gains one negative level, which remains as long as it holds the weapon and disappears when the weapon is no longer wielded. This negative level never results in actual level loss, but it cannot be overcome in any way (including restoration spells) while the weapon is wielded. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, align weapon, good alignment. 
Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day (least); 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days (lesser); 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days (greater). 
PHOENIX ASH THREAT Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) (least); 2,000 gp (6th) (lesser); 6,000 gp (10th) (greater) Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation Activation: — Weight: — 
Alternating fire opals and jacinths comprise this glittering chain of gemstones. 
The augment crystal known as a phoenix ash threat leaves smoldering embers on your enemies after every strike. Each round, at the start of your turn, the embers deal fire damage to each target struck by the weapon in the previous round. 
Least: If you hit a creature with a weapon bearing this crystal, that target takes 1 point of fire damage on the fol­lowing round. Multiple hits by the weapon against the same target aren't cumulative. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, but the target takes 3 points of fire damage. Greater: As the least crystal, but the target takes 5 points of fire damage. 
Lore: This crystal was first employed by mystic swordsmen of the Golden Desert (Knowledge [arcana or history] DC 15). 
The first signs that it was in use in more civilized lands were the charred bodies of Graz'zt cultists left piled outside their dark abbey's door after Sir Alax of Bergholdt cleansed the den with his fiery sword (Knowledge [arcana or history] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, burning hands. 
Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day (least); 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days (lesser); 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days (greater). 
REVELATION CRYSTAL Price (Item Level): 400 gp (2nd) (least); 1,000 gp (4th) (lesser); 5,000 gp (9th) (greater) Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) divination Activation: — Weight: — 
This tiger's-eye gem bears a striking reseml blance to the eye of a cat, its gaze seeming to dart about. 
A revelation crystal help you battle foes who rely on invisibility. 
Least: When you damage an invisible creature using a weapon with this aug­ment crystal attached, the creature emits a glowing golden aura for 1 round, allowing everyone to know the square or squares it occupies and where it moves during that duration. The aura is as bright as a torch. Despite the glow in the square, creatures that attack the invisible foe still suffer a 50% miss chance; the glow merely allows them to determine the appropriate square to attack. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, but any active invisibility effects on the dam­aged creature are also suppressed for 1 round (even if the invisibility is natural or extraordinary). 
Greater: As the lesser crystal, but it also suppresses active effects on the damaged creature that grant concealment or similar effects (such as blur or displacement) for 1 round. This has no effect on concealment granted by the environment (such as fog or a darkness spell). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, true seeing. 
Cost to Create: 200 gp, 16 XP, 1 day (least); 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day (lesser); 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days (greater). 

TRUEDEATH CRYSTAL 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) 
(least); 5,000 gp (9th) (lesser); 
10,000 gp (12th) (greater) 

Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This amethyst is carved in the shape of a humanoid skull. 
Clerics craft truedeath crystals to aid them­selves and others in sending undead to their final rest. 
Least: A weapon with this crystal attached deals an extra 1d6 points of damage to undead. 
Lesser: As the least crystal, and the weapon also functions as a ghost touch weapon (DMG 224). 
Greater: As the lesser crystal, and the weapon can deliver sneak attacks and critical hits against undead as if they were living creatures. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, consecrate. 
Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day (least); 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days (lesser); 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days (greater) 

WITCHLIGHT RESERVOIR 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: — (weapon crystal) 
Caster Level: 10th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) necromancy 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: — 
This coin-sized crystal sphere is inscribed with arcane sigils representing earth, air, wind, fire, magic, death, and beauty. It rattles like soft thunder. 
As its name suggests, a witchlight reserl voir can hold a small quantity of magical power, which can be used to enhance the power of a melee weapon. To imbue this augment crystal with power, you must directly expose it for 8 hours to one of the following substances: sunlight, moon­light, blood, or wine (at least one pint of either of the last two substances). Each one of these substances grants the item a dif­ferent effect, as described below. Exposing a full reservoir to a new substance replaces the old effect with the new effect. 
When activated, a reservoir adds an extra effect to its weapon's next successful melee strike (as long as it is made before the end of your turn). The effect depends on the substance to which the witchlight reservoir was exposed (see above). 
Sunlight: +2d6 fire damage (or +4d6 fire damage if the target is undead). 
Moonlight: +2d6 electricity damage (or +4d6 electricity damage if the target is a lycanthrope). 
Blood: +2d6 damage to a living target. Wine: -2 penalty on Will saves for 1 round. 
A witchlight reservoir functions five times before it loses its power and must be imbued again. It is considered a greater augment crystal. 
Lore: The first witchlight reservoir was recovered by Iggwilv from the vanity drawer of one of Graz'zt's previous par­amours (Knowledge [arcana] DC 15). 
Who created the first sphere is unknown, but the Witch of the Yatils made several more after her discovery, including one for her daughter Drelzna, who employed a bastard sword called The Bleeding Infanta fitted with a blood-filled witchlight reservoir. She carried the weapon until it was lost in battle against a gnome army led by a gold dragon somewhere between Ket and Perrenland (Knowledge [arcana] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, burning hands, shocking grasp, touch of idiocy, vampiric touch. 
Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 

Asuit of armor is nice, but any adventurer whose list of garb begins and ends with "full plate armor" just isn't giving himself a reasonable chance of success. From the 
humble ring of feather falling to the legendary vest of the archmagi, the roster of useful (even crucial) magic items worn on the body is vast. 
This chapter includes nearly 400 magic items designed as clothing, More than any other category of items, the collection in this chapter relies on the body slot entry to constrain your 
"The arcanist's gloves would be handy, of course, but the lightning gauntlets match my cloak better...." 
—Devis, trying to decide on his next purchase choices. Unless you're comfort­able making a lot of ad hoc decisions about weird combina­tions, we recommend that your campaign only use these items as designed (rather than switch­ing abilities around between various body slots). See "Body 
jewelry, and the like. Some are fashionable, others crude, but all Slots" in Chapter 6 for information on how the body slot 
provide useful benefits that can contribute to your character's system works. 
survival. 
CLOTHING DESCRIPTIONS 
The items in this chapter are arranged alphabetically. 
ACROBAT BOOTS Price (Item Level): 900 gp (4th) Body Slot: Feet Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: — and swift (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
Multiple brass buckles run from the ankle to the top of the calf on these finely crafted, black leather boots. 
A pair of acrobat boots grants you a +2 competence bonus on Tumble checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, these boots have 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants you an enhancement bonus to your speed for 1 round. 
1 charge: +10-foot enhancement bonus. 2 charges: +15-foot enhance­ment bonus. 3 charges: +20-foot enhance­ment bonus. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cat's grace, longstrider. Cost to Create: 450 gp, 36 XP, 1 day. 
ADAMANTINE MIND BLADE GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Each of these heavy leather gloves bears a violet crystal set on a small plate of adamantine. 
Adamantine mind blade gauntlets allow you to give your mind blade the properties of adamantine. If you are able to enhance your mind blade (with the mind blade enhancement class feature), whenever you materialize your mind blade while wearing these gauntlets, you can choose to treat it as an adamantine weapon for the purpose of ignoring hardness or overcom­ing damage reduction. This ability takes the place of a property with a +1 enhance­ment bonus value. 

For example, a 6th-level soulknife wearing the gauntlets could either choose to apply the gauntlets' effect or apply one of the +1 enhancement bonus value properties given on the table (EPH 29). A 10th-level soulknife could apply both the gauntlets' effect and a +1 enhancement bonus value property rather than apply­ing a combination of properties from the table totaling +2. 
Adamantine mind blade gauntlets func­tion an unlimited number of times per day. The gauntlets require no separate activation; using them is part of the action to materialize your mind blade. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, fabl ricate, mind blade. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
AMBER AMULET OF VERMIN 
Price (Item Level): See table 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: See table 

Aura: See table; (DC varies) 
transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: — 

This irregularly shaped piece of natural amber is fastened at the end of a long golden chain. Within the amber a tiny creature still seems to twitch. 
This item summons a giant vermin that 
appears and obeys your commands for 
1 minute (as if summoned by summon 
AMBER AMULET OF VERMIN 
Vermin  CL  
Giant bee  7th  
Giant queen ant  10th  
Giant praying mantis  10th  
Huge monstrous centipede  10th  
Huge monstrous scorpion  10th  
Large monstrous spider  10th  
Giant wasp  15th  
Giant stag beetle  19th  

nature's ally). At the end of this duration, the creature vanishes. 
Eight varieties of the amber amulet of vermin exist (see the table for the details of each version). An amber amulet of vermin works once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, giant vermin. Cost to Create: Varies. 

AMULET OF AQUATIC SALVATION 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration Activation: Immediate (mental) Weight: — 
This small pendant contains a perfect sphere of aquamarine hung from a blue metal chain. 
These necklaces are boons to sailors and spelunkers alike, because they prevent accidental drowning. When activated, an amulet of aquatic salvation grants you the ability to breathe water (as the water breathing spell) for 5 rounds. 
An amulet of aquatic salvation functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, water breathing. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 

AMULET OF CATAPSI 
Price (Item Level): 16,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) enchantment Activation: Standard (mental) Weight: — 
This crimson-tinted metal amulet is rimmed 
with dozens of copper pyramids. It hums cheerl fully when grasped. 
When activated, this amulet emits a 30-foot­radius area of telepathic noise, centered on 
Market Price Aura (Item Level) 
Moderate (DC 17) 500 gp (3rd) Moderate (DC 20) 700 gp (3rd) Moderate (DC 20) 700 gp (3rd) Moderate (DC 20) 700 gp (3rd) Moderate (DC 20) 700 gp (3rd) Moderate (DC 20) 700 gp (3rd) Strong (DC 22) 800 gp (3rd) Strong (DC 24) 1,200 gp (4th) 
you, for 9 rounds. If any creature in this area (including you) attempts to manifest a power, it must succeed on a DC 17 Will save or pay 4 more points than it other­wise would for that power manifestation. The limit on the number of power points a subject can spend on a power remains in effect, so a creature that fails its saving throw might not be able to manifest its highest-level powers. 
An amulet of catapsi functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, antil magic field or catapsi (EPH 82). Cost to Create: 8,000 gp, 640 XP, 16 days. 

AMULET OF EMERGENCY HEALING 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration 

Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: — 
This globe-shaped citrine is bisected by a sturdy silver chain. 
The wearer of an amulet of emergency heall ing can provide instantaneous aid to an injured ally. When it is activated, you can heal 1d4+5 points of damage to yourself or a creature within 30 feet. You can use this effect to prevent the death of a creature reduced below -9 hit points, as long as the healing provided returns the target's hit points to -9 or higher. (For example, you couldn't save a creature whose hit points had been reduced to -1 9 or lower, since the amulet can't provide more than 9 points of healing.) 
This amulet has no effect on undead 
creatures or creatures immune to heal­
ing spells. 
An amulet of emergency healing functions 
three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, close 
wounds (SC 48). Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 

AMULET OF 
FORTUNE PREVAILING 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) abjuration 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This delicate gold amulet is suspended from a fine gold chain and set with three aventurines. 
You can activate an amulet of fortune prel vailing to reroll a saving throw. You must activate this ability before the success or failure of the saving throw has been determined, and you must use the second result, even if it's lower. You can't use this ability if you have already rerolled the save for any reason. 
An amulet of fortune prevailing functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, break enchantment. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
AMULET OF INCARNUM SHIELDING 
Price (Item Level): 2,100 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This ornate silver necklace is set with a brill liant, blue stone. 
Amber Amulet

While you wear an amulet of incarnum shielding, you are immune to any effect that would drain your incarnum or unshape one of your soulmelds. An amulet of incarl num shielding has 7 charges when created. Each time your amulet negates an effect, it expends 1 charge. When an amulet loses its last charge, it crumbles into dust. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, must have an essentia pool. Cost to Create: 1,050 gp, 84 XP, 3 days. 
AMULET OF INVIOLATE FORM 
Price (Item Level): 11,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 9th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) abjuration 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This platinum amulet is set with seven red garnets. 
This amulet protects you from spells and effects that would significantly change your bodily form or composition. When­ever you are the target of such an effect, you can expend 1 charge to negate the transformation. You must decide whether to use the charge before you attempt a saving throw. Effects that the amulet pro­tects against include, but are not limited to, polymorph, petrification, the touch of an aboleth's tentacle, and the attack of a chaos beast. 
An amulet of inviolate form has 7 charges when created, one for each garnet. Each 
Amulet of second chances 
of 

amulet of retributive vermin healing 
time a charge is expended, one garnet turns a dull black color. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, break enchantment. Cost to Create: 5,500 gp, 440 XP, 11 days. 
AMULET OF 
RETRIBUTIVE 
HEALING Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
This strand of ceramic beads is painted with sedate earth tones. 
Devoting your life to healing is often a thankless job. An amulet of retributive heall ing ensures that if you tend to your allies, you are renewed in turn. 
When you activate your amulet, the next effect you use before the end of your turn that heals another creature's damage also heals you of an equal amount, as long as you could be healed by that same effect. If the effect heals multiple creatures, you only gain the retributive healing once per effect. 
For example, a human cleric casting cure light wounds on an ally after activating this amulet would gain the same amount of healing, but a human wizard casting repair light damage on her warforged ally would not benefit from activating the amulet (since that spell only affects constructs). 
Amulet of wordtwisting 
An amulet of retributive healing In addition, you can activate functions three times per day. the amulet to grant both you and Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous an adjacent ally a +5 competence Item, mass cure light wounds. bonus to AC for 1 round. You must Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, be adjacent to an ally to activate 2 days. this power. This ability can be used once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous 

AMULET OF 
Item, heroism.

SECOND CHANCES 
Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, Price (Item Level): 40,000 gp 2 days. (17th) Body Slot: Throat 
AMULET OF 
Caster Level: 17th 
TEARS 
Aura: Strong; (DC 23) 

transmutation Price (Item Level): 2,300 gp Activation: Swift (command) (6th) Weight: — Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 4th This tiny, golden hourglass hangs from Aura: Faint; (DC 17) a thin mithral chain. enchantment 
Activation: Swift (command) An amulet of second chances gives Weight: — you the ability to reverse disastrous choices. When you activate the Adorning a glossy silver chain, a spiral amulet, you undo all the events of of pearl teardrops circles a colorless your current turn and begin the turn crystal sphere. again. This includes moving yourself and any other creatures back to the An amulet of tears has 3 charges, positions they occupied at the start which are renewed each day at of your turn, removing any damage dawn. Spending 1 or more charges or other conditions (harmful or ben­when you activate the amulet eficial) that have occurred during grants you temporary hit points, your turn (to yourself or others), and as described below. These hit in all other ways "resetting" events. points last for up to 10 minutes; All affected creatures are aware of they don't stack with any other the events of the now-nonexistent temporary hit points. round, but they are free to make 1 charge: 12 temporary hit entirely different choices from the points. 
ones they originally made. 2 charges: 18 temporary hit An amulet of second chances func­points. tions once per day. 3 charges: 24 temporary hit 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous points. Item, time stop or time regression Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous (EPH 138). Item, aid. 
Cost to Create: 20,000 gp, 1,600 XP, Cost to Create: 1,150 gp, 92 XP, 40 days. 3 days. 
AMULET OF AMULET OF TEAMWORK TOXIN DELAY 
Incarnum items: ring of soulbound protection, ring of essentia,
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Price (Item Level): 400 gp 
cloak of soulbound resistance, amulet of incarnum shielding,
Body Slot: Throat (2nd) 
glove of incarnum theft

Caster Level: 3rd Body Slot: Throat Aura: Faint; (DC 16) enchantment Caster Level: 3rd 
you successfully use the aid another 

Activation: — and swift (command) Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration 
action, the bonus granted to your ally 

Weight: — Activation: Immediate (command) 
improves from +2 to +3. When you flank 
Weight: — 
an enemy, you and any allies also flanking 
This silver chain comes together in the form of 
that creature gain a +2 bonus on damage When you activate an amulet of toxin delay, it creates a delay poison effect on you (as the spell, but with a duration of only 2 rounds). You can activate this item when­ever you would be required to attempt a saving throw against poison (before roll­ing the save). 

a pair of linked  hands.  rolls. These  are  continuous  effects  and  The  transparent  crystal  hanging  from  this  
An amulet  of teamwork  allows you to work  require no activation.  necklace containsgreen fluid.  several  drops  of  viscous  
more effectively as part of a team. When  

An amulet of toxin delay functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, delay poison. Cost to Create: 200 gp, 16 XP, 1 day. 
AMULET OF WORDTWISTING 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: — 

Strips of torn and knotted scrolls seem to make up this amulet. You can discern a few letters in red ink on the tightly rolled parchment, but these symbols are warped and meaningless. 
An amulet of wordtwisting grants you a +2 insight bonus on Bluff, Diplomacy, Intimidate, and Sense Motive checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
If you are an orc wearing an amulet of wordtwisting, you instead gain a +4 insight bonus on the indicated skill checks. In addition, once per day, you can activate a tongues effect on yourself (as the spell). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, tongues. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
Mesmerist's 
gloves 

ANGELHELM Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 2 lb. 
This winged mithral helm shines in the light like a priceless heirloom. 
An angelhelm allows a good-aligned wearer to emulate certain traits of celestial beings. Your melee attacks are treated as good-aligned weapons for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, your angelhelm allows you to use cure critical wounds, dispel evil (DC 17), and resist energy (acid or cold only) as spell-like abilities each once per day. 
The helm grants no benefit to nongood wearers. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dispel evil, cure critical wounds, resist energy, 
good alignment. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
ANKH OF ASCENSION Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 17th Aura: Strong; (DC 23) conjuration Activation: Free (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
Crudely carved from splintering wood and dangling from frayed twine, this simple ankh looks brittle and ancient. 
Badge of the 
svirfneblin 

When you activate an ankh of ascension, you must sacrifice a prepared divine spell or divine spell slot. The caster level of any divine spells of that level or lower that you cast before your next turn increases by 4. 
An ankh of ascension functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, gate. Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days. 
ANKLET OF 
TRANSLOCATION 

Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

A pewter chime hangs from this simple leather ankle-band. 
An anklet of translocation allows you to make short dimensional hops. When it is activated, you can instantly teleport (with no chance of error) up to 10 feet. The new space must be within line of sight and line of effect. 
You can't use the anklet to move into a space occupied by another creature, nor can you teleport into a solid object; if you attempt to do so, the anklet's activation is wasted. You can bring along objects weigh­ing up to your maximum load, but you can't bring another creature with you. 
An anklet of translocation functions two 
times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
dimension door. Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 
Ankh of ascension 
Adamantine mind blade gauntlets 

ARCANISTS GLOVES 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 

Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
These sleek blue gloves bear tiny golden stars across the knuckles. 
When you activate arcanist's gloves, you add 2 to the caster level of the next 1st­level arcane spell you cast before the end of your turn. 
Arcanist's gloves function two times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, fox's cunning. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
ARMBAND OF ELUSIVE ACTION 
Price (Item Level): 800 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This solid gold band is polished to a bright shine. 
An armband of elusive action allows you to protect yourself from the hazards of battlefield chaos. When it is activated, the band allows you to avoid provoking a single attack of opportunity that your actions would otherwise incur. 
An armband of elusive action functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cat's grace or evade attack (CP 89). Cost to Create: 400 gp, 32 XP, 1 day. 
ARMBAND OF MAXIMIZED HEALING 
Price (Item Level): 7,200 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Arms 

Caster Level: 17th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 23) conjuration 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Numerous small diamonds adorn this silver armband like tiny constellations. 
When you activate an armband of maxil mized healing, the next healing spell of 6th level or lower that you cast on your turn is automatically maximized (as the Maxi­mize Spell feat, but with no adjustment to spell level or casting time). 
An armband of maximized healing func­tions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Maximize Spell, heal. Cost to Create: 3,600 gp, 288 XP, 8 days. 

ARMBANDS OF MIGHT 
Price (Item Level): 4,100 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: — 

Weight: 2 lb. 
These bronze armbands are engraved with images of bulls' horns. 
When you wear these armbands, you gain a +2 bonus on Strength checks and Strength-based skill checks. 
If you have the Power Attack feat, you also gain a +2 bonus on melee damage rolls for any attack on which you use the Power Attack feat and take a penalty of at least -2 on your attack roll. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bull's strength. Cost to Create: 2,050 gp, 164 XP, 5 days. 

ARTIFICER'S MONOCLE Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination Activation: See text Weight: — 
This glass lens is rimmed with gold and has a fine gold chain attached to an ear clip. 
Putting on a monocle is a standard action. While wearing an artificer's monocle, when­ever you successfully use your artificer knowledge class feature (ECS 31) to detect an item's magical aura or you cast detect magic and have at least 5 ranks of Knowl­edge (arcana), you can spend 1 additional minute studying the item. If you do, you can identify the abilities of that item as if you had cast identify upon it. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, identify, artificer knowledge or Knowledge (arcana) 5 ranks. 
Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 

BADGE OF THE SVIRFNEBLIN 
Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) illusion, 

transmutation Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: — 
This brooch is little more than a hunk of gray rock studded with a number of colorful, uncut gems and wrapped in tarnished metal wire. 
While wearing this item, you gain dark­vision out to 30 feet and a +5 competence bonus on Hide checks. These are continu­ous effects and require no activation. 
Once per day, you can activate the badge to give yourself a blur effect (as the spell). Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, blur, darkvision, svirfneblin. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 

BEAR HELM Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration Activation: Immediate (mental) Weight: — 
Artificer's monocle 

This large helmet is wrapped in the hide of a bear's head, with metal teeth worked into its visor. 
While raging, you can halve the damage dealt by a single sneak attack or critical hit scored against you. You can activate this item after the damage from the attack has been determined. 
A bear helm functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 
BEHOLDER CROWN 
Price (Item Level): 20,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) 

necromancy 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Ten metal stalks sprout from this 
grotesquely formed bronze crown. At 
the tip of each stalk, a different gem 
gazes like a glistening eye. 

These strange crowns can shoot rays from eyelike gems, much like the attacks of their namesake. Each gem can fire a different ray a single time at a target (doing this burns out the gem). Each ray extends up to 30 feet and requires a ranged touch attack to success­fully strike a target. Each ray functions as a particular spell (though the ray only affects a single target): 
•	
 charm monster (Will DC 17 negates) 

•	
 charm person (Will DC 17 negates) 

•	
 deep slumber (Will DC 17 negates) 

•	
 disintegrate (Fort DC 17 partial) 

•	
 fear (Will DC 17 partial) 

•	
 finger of death (Fort DC 17 partial) 

•	
 flesh to stone (Fort DC 17 negates) 

•	
 inflict moderate wounds (Will DC 17 half) 

•	
 slow (Will DC 17 negates) 

•	
 telekinesis (violent thrust against a target of up to 325 pounds; Will DC 17 negates) Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 


charm monster, charm person, deep slumber, disintegrate, fear, finger of death, flesh to stone, inflict moderate wounds, slow, telekinesis. 
Cost to Create: 10,000 gp, 800 XP, 20 days. 
BELT OF BATTLE Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) Body Slot: Waist Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — and swift (mental) Weight: — 
This leather belt bears a platinum buckle set with three small black pearls. 
Beholder crown 

A belt of battle helps you avoid being caught off guard in combat and allows occasional bursts of extra activity. While worn, it grants you a +2 competence bonus on ini­tiative checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, a belt of battle has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Each time you activate the belt, one of the black pearls set into its buckle turns white. The pearls return to normal when the ring's charges renew. Spending 1 or more charges grants you an extra action, which must be taken immediately (before you take any other action). 
1 charge: 1 move action. 
2 charges: 1 standard action. 
3 charges: 1 full-round action. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
haste. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
BELT OF THE CHAMPION [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 4,500 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Waist 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This belt is forged of thick golden links, each set with a cabochon-cut semiprecious stone. Its large, oval buckle is embossed with the closed fist of Kord. 
These gem-studded belts are sacred to fol­lowers of Kord, the god of strength. When you wear one of these items, it functions as a belt of giant strength +2 if you are chaotic good, neutral good, or chaotic neutral. All of Kord's followers vie for the honor of win­
ning one of these items, and each belt is passed down through generations of his faithful. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you gain a +5 competence bonus on Strength checks and a +4 morale bonus on saves against fear effects while wearing a belt of the champion. If you ever fail a save against a fear effect while wearing this belt, its 
relic power is negated for 1 hour. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Kord and either sacrifice a 3rd-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 5 HD. 
Lore: The first belt of the champion was forged by a priest of Kord in a tiny village for a traveling hero who, having failed to persuade the villagers to flee before a horde of orcs, offered to stay and defend them. Each decade since then, Kord has given one of these belts to a favorite fol­lower (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, bull's strength. Cost to Create: 2,250 gp, 180 XP, 5 days. 
BELT OF GROWTH Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) Body Slot: Waist Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: — 
This thick brass belt looks like it is riddled with cracks. It bends as though it has been stretched out of shape. 
When you activate a belt of growth, you instantly increase in size (as if affected by enlarge person). This effect lasts for 10 minutes or until you command it to end. This ability doesn't stack with any other effect that increases your size. 
A belt of growth functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, enlarge person. Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days. 

BELT OF HIDDEN POUCHES 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) Body Slot: Waist Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration Activation: Move (command); see text Weight: 1 lb. 
Ten tiny pockets run along the inside of this otherwise unremarkable leather belt. 

Hidden inside this belt are ten small pockets, each of which seems big enough to hold only a few coins. Each pocket actually functions as a small bag of holdl ing and can hold up to 1/2 cubic foot or 5 pounds of nonliving matter. No object with any dimension exceeding 6 inches can be placed in a pocket. Anything placed inside a pocket effectively has one-tenth its normal weight, so a full pocket weighs only 1/2 pound at most. 
In addition, two secret pockets lie behind each visible one, for a total of thirty pockets in all. The hidden pockets can be accessed only through a command word. A true seeing spell reveals the presence of the hidden pockets but not the command word needed to open them. 
Even when a pocket is full, it never 
bulges, so a belt of hidden pouches 
stuffed with 150 pounds of items 
still looks like an ordinary belt. 

To place any object in the belt, you merely press the object into the belt. Doing so while speaking the command word places the object in one of the hidden pockets (if one of them is empty). Placing an item in a pocket (hidden or visible) is a move action that does not provoke attacks of opportunity. 
Naming a stored object and speaking a second command word draws the named object out of the belt and places it in your hand. Doing this is a move action that does not provoke attacks of opportunity. 
You can also reach into one of the ten regular hidden pockets and draw out an item, just as if retrieving a stored object (a move action that provokes attacks of opportunity). 
A casual search won't reveal any objects placed in the belt, and searching the 
Belt of battle 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
The buckle of this wide leather belt is set with a single blood-red carbuncle. 
Activating a belt of one mighty blow grants extra damage on your next melee attack made before the end of your turn. A light weapon deals an extra 1d8 points of damage, a one-handed weapon deals an extra 2d6 points of damage, and a two-handed weapon deals an extra 3d6 points of damage. 
A belt of one mighty blow functions once Belt of growth 

per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bull's strength. 
Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 
BELT OF PRIESTLY MIGHT 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Waist Caster Level: 8th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
Belt of one mighty blow A prominent, yet worn, holy symbol adorns this threadbare cloth sash. 

This belt features a deity's holy symbol. Belt of priestly might Followers of that deity or anyone of that deity's alignment can wear the belt safely. Any other creature gains one negative level when wearing the belt. The nega­tive level remains for as long as the belt is worn. This negative level never results in actual level loss, but it cannot 
be overcome in any way (including restol ration spells) while the belt is worn. 

While wearing the belt, you gain a Belt of ultimate athleticism +1 enhancement bonus to your exist­ing natural armor bonus. (A creature 
visible pockets cannot reveal anything without natural armor has an effective 
stored in the hidden pockets. It is possible natural armor bonus of +0.) The belt also to use a Sleight of Hand check to pluck grants you a +2 enhancement bonus to something out of one of the ten visible Strength. 
pockets, but only someone wearing or Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, holding a belt can access the hidden 
barkskin, bull's strength.
pockets, and then only with the correct Cost to Create: 3,000 gp 240 XP, 6 days. 

command word. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
Leomund's secret chest. BELT OF 
Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. THEFT-HEALING 

Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 

BELT OF ONE 	Body Slot: Waist 
MIGHTY BLOW 	Caster Level: 8th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) 
Activation: Free (command) 
Body Slot: Waist Weight: 1 lb. 
Caster Level: 5th 

This supple brown leather belt has a silver buckle engraved with numerous tiny magil cal runes. 
Designed and used by spellthieves (CAd 13), belts of theft-healing heighten the payoff of stealing spells. When you steal a spell or spell-like ability from an unwilling target, you can activate the belt to also heal damage equal to the level of the spell or spell-like ability stolen. 
A belt of theft-healing functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bear's endurance, steal spell. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
BELT OF ULTIMATE ATHLETICISM 
Price (Item Level): 3,600 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Waist 
Caster Level: 9th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) 
transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This simple cloth belt is a braid of black, green and gold threads. 
A belt of ultimate athleticism allows you to reliably perform normal athletic feats, or occasionally pull off a truly amazing stunt. When you activate the belt, you can take 10 on all Balance, Climb, Jump, Swim, and Tumble checks made in that round, even if you are in a stressful situation. 
In addition, once per day, you can acti­vate the belt to treat the next Balance, Climb, Jump, Swim, or Tumble check you attempt as if you had rolled a 20. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bull's strength, cat's grace. Cost to Create: 1,800 gp, 144 XP, 4 days. 
BLIGHTER'S HEX-EYE Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
This black leather eyepatch bears a blood-red pentagram. 
When you activate a blighter's hex-eye, your melee attacks against elves and creatures of the plant type deal an extra 2d6 points of damage. This effect lasts for 1 round. 
A hex-eye functions three times per 
day, but it can't be activated in consecu­
tive rounds. 
Lore: Gruumsh, god of orcs, gave his shamans the knowledge to craft the first blighter's hex-eye to help his people clear the woodlands of their enemies (Knowledge [history or religion] DC 15). Elves joke that the orcs are so stupid that Gruumsh has to teach every new generation the secrets of the eyepatch's construction again (Knowl­edge [history or religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, keen edge. Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 
Bolt shirt 

BLINDFOLD OF TRUE DARKNESS 
Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This black, silky piece of cloth is completely opaque when held up to the light. 
When you wear this blindfold, you gain the blindsight ability out to 30 feet (MM 306). Because your eyes are protected, you are also immune to gaze attacks and spells or effects that rely on sight. You cannot use vision in any way while wearing the blindfold. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, see invisibility. Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days. 
BLINDHELM Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 11th Aura: Strong; (DC 20) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 
This helm's face is a solid slab of iron, apparl ently allowing its wearer no way to see out. 
Despite its appearance and name, a blind-helm doesn't restrict your vision in any way. More important, it grants you blind­sense out to 5 feet and provides you with a +5 competence bonus on saves against gaze attacks. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, true seeing. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
BOLT SHIRT 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 
Activation: Move (command) 
Weight: — 

Golden lightning bolts are embroidered along the sleeves of this sturdy tunic of blue linen. 
You can teleport (with no chance of error) to any location within 60 feet, as long as you have both line of sight and line of effect to that destination. A harmless trail of crackling sparks traces the path from your original location to your des­tination, making it obvious where you have landed. 
You can't use the shirt to move into a space occupied by another creature, nor can you teleport into a solid object; if you attempt to do so, the shirt's acti­vation is wasted. You can bring along objects weighing up to your maximum load, but you can't bring another creature with you. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dimension door. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
BONE RING Price (Item Level): 20,000 gp (15th) Body Slot: Ring Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) abjuration Activation: — Weight: — 
Seemingly fragile and nearly weightless, this ring appears to be a single long finger bone, bleached white and somehow bent into a circle. 
While wearing a bone ring, you are pro­tected from energy drain and ability drain (but not ability damage). A bone ring has 
3 charges, which  are renewed  each  difficult  terrain  and  through  
day at dawn. Every negative level or  squares  occupied  by  allies  
point of ability drain prevented uses  when  making  a  charge  after  
1 charge. For example, a success­ activating the boots.  
ful slam attack from a vampire,  You can use this ability two  
which normally bestows  two  times per day.  
negative levels, instead drains  Prerequisites:  Craft Wondrous  
2 charges from the ring.  Item, cat's grace,  longstrider.  
Prerequisites:  Forge Ring,  negative  Boots  of  Boots  of  Boots  of  Cost to Create:  1,000 gp, 80 XP,  

energy protection. agileCost to Create: 10,000 gp, 800 XP, 20 days. 

BOOTS OF AGILE LEAPING 
Price (Item Level): 600 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 
These crocodile-skin boots feel slightly elastic. 
While wearing boots of agile leaping, you can add your Dexterity modifier (instead of your Strength modifier) on Jump checks. 
If you have at least 5 ranks in Balance, you can stand from prone as a swift action. When standing from prone, you do not provoke attacks of opportunity. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
cat's grace. 
Cost to Create: 300 gp, 

24 XP, 1 day. 

leaping swift passage sidestepping 2 days. 
BOOTS OF THE BATTLE CHARGER 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 
These heavy leather boots bear thick copper bands just above the ankle. 
When activated, boots of the battle charger allow you to make a charge attack as a standard action (rather than a full-round action), though the charge only includes movement up to your speed (rather than double your speed). You must make the charge attack in the round you activate the boots, or the effect is lost. 
If you also wear a magic item that grants 
an enhancement bonus to your Dexterity 
score, you can move across 
BOOTS OF BIG STEPPING 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) Body Slot: Feet Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 2 lb. 
These wolfhide boots are secured with leather thongs that wrap twice about the ankle. The fur is exceptionally soft and has a faint sheen that makes the boots appear to shimmer in the light. 
The spirit of a blink dog has been har­nessed within these boots. While you are wearing these boots, your caster level for all teleportation spells is increased by 2. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, when you speak the com­mand word, you can teleport up to 60 

Regdar tests out boots of stomping, boots of the battle charger, boots of big stepping, 
sandals of springing, sandals of sprinting, and boots of dragonstriding 
feet with no chance for error, as if using a greater teleport spell. This ability functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dimension door. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
BOOTS OF DESPERATION 
Price (Item Level): 2,800 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
These soft-soled boots look comfortable and quiet. 
You can activate boots of desperation only when your current hit point total is equal to or less than half your full normal hit points. When activated, the boots grant a +30-foot enhancement bonus to your base speed and a +5 dodge bonus to AC against attacks of opportunity. These benefits last for 1 round. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, expeditious retreat. Cost to Create: 1,400 gp, 112 XP, 3 days. 
BOOTS OF DRAGONSTRIDING 
Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — and swift (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These boots have a scaly look, as though they were made from reptile hide. 
You gain a +2 competence bonus on Climb and Jump checks while wearing these boots. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Once per day, you can activate boots of dragonstriding to gain a climb speed equal to your land speed for 10 rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, jump, spider climb. Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 
BOOTS OF JUMPING 
Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

These comfortable, black leather boots have unusually springy soles. 
Boots of jumping allow you to jump excep­tionally long distances. You only need to move at least 10 feet in a straight line to attempt a running jump (rather than 20 feet). This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, boots of jumping have 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants you a competence bonus on Jump checks for 1 round. 
1 charge: Gain a +10 competence bonus on Jump checks. 2 charges: Gain a +15 competence bonus on Jump checks. 3 charges: Gain a +20 competence bonus on Jump checks. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, jump. Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
BOOTS OF LANDING 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Tordek shops for new boots, trying out rock boots, boots of the mountain king, 
steadfast boots, boots of tremorsense, and boots of landing 
These light blue leather boots have very thick soles. Walking in them is like dancing in clouds. 
While wearing boots of landing, you land on your feet no matter how far you fall, and you take 2 fewer dice of damage from the fall than normal (thus, a fall of 20 feet or less deals you no damage). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, feather fall or catfall (EPH 82). Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
BOOTS OF THE MOUNTAIN KING 
Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These iron-shod red leather boots appear rugged and worn. 
While wearing boots of the mountain king, you can move more easily than usual over rough and difficult terrain. 
These boots allow you to ignore increased movement costs and skill check DC increases for light and dense rubble. In addition, you can move up stairs and slopes at normal speed and run or charge downhill without making a Balance check (DMG 89). These boots require no activation. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, freel dom of movement. Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 
BOOTS OF THE MOUNTAIN KING, GREATER 
Price (Item Level): 21,500 gp (15th) 
Activation: — and swift (command) 

This rough-looking boots are made of craggy leather that resembles a rough granite cliff face, and they are shod with thick iron. 
These boots function as boots of the mounl tain king. In addition, you can activate greater boots to gain the benefit of a stoneskin spell. This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, freel dom of movement, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 10,750 gp, 860 XP, 22 days. 
BOOTS OF SIDESTEPPING 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: — 

These soft leather boots are adorned with a copper chain around the ankle. 
Boots of sidestepping allow you to slide out of range of an enemy's attacks. When you activate the boots, you can take a 5-foot step (PH 144). Unlike a normal 5-foot step, you can take this action even if you have already moved during the round, and it doesn't prevent you from moving again afterward (or even taking your normal 5-foot step). For example, you could acti­vate the boots to move 5 feet away from an adjacent monster, spend a move action to move another 20 feet away, then take a standard action. 
Boots of sidestepping function three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, haste. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
BOOTS OF SKATING Price (Item Level): 7,000 gp (11th) Body Slot: Feet Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 15) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 2 lb. 
These white leather boots extend to mid-calf and lace up from toe to top. They sport two dull metal edges that slant downward from the bottom of each side. 
These boots allow you to slide along the ground as if on smooth ice. You can grace­fully skate along the ground, turn, or stop suddenly as desired. You gain a +10-foot enhancement bonus to your land speed while wearing the boots. This is a continu­ous effect and requires no activation. 
Skating up an incline removes the bonus to speed, while skating down a decline increases the boots' enhancement bonus to land speed by an additional 10 feet. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, expel 

ditious retreat or skate (EPH 132). Cost to Create: 3,500 gp, 280 XP, 7 days. 
BOOTS OF STOMPING 
Price (Item Level): 600 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

The thick metal soles of these dirt-brown boots are slightly wider than the vamp. Brassy metal bands run from the sides of the soles to the tops. 
When you stomp your feet and activate boots of stomping, you generate a 15-foot­long cone-shaped burst of psychokinetic force that travels along the ground, top­pling creatures and loose objects. The shock wave affects only creatures standing on the ground within the area. Creatures that fail a DC 13 Reflex save are thrown to the ground, prone, and take 1d4 points of nonlethal damage. 
Boots of stomping function three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, sonic blast (SC 195) or stomp (EPH 133). Cost to Create: 300 gp, 24 XP, 1 day. 

BOOTS OF SWIFT PASSAGE 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 
Activation: Move (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These comfortable high boots are made from deep red leather with brilliant copper-colored leather soles. 
When activated, boots of swift passage tele­port you up to 20 feet in any direction (with no chance of error). 
You must have line of sight and line of effect to your destination to use the boots. You can't use the boots to move into a space occupied by another creature, nor can you teleport into a solid object; if you attempt to do so, the boots' activation is wasted. You can bring along objects weighing up to your maximum load, but you can't bring another creature with you. 
Boots of swift passage function five times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dimension door. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 

BOOTS OF TEMPORAL ACCELERATION 
Price (Item Level): 43,000 gp (17th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 17th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 23) conjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These dark leather boots feature a small image of a sundial sewn into each side. When worn, they pulse slightly once every second. 
Once per day, you can enter another time frame for 2 rounds, speeding up so greatly that all other creatures seem frozen, though they are actually moving at normal speed. Other creatures are nor­mally immune to your attacks, powers, or spells, but if you create an area effect that lasts longer than 2 rounds, that effect applies normally once the duration of the item's effect expires. 
While under the effect of the boots, you cannot enter an area protected by an antimagic field, null psionics field, or by a spell or power that neutralizes 9th-level spells or powers. Normal and magical fire, cold, acid, and the like can still harm you. Except as described here, this effect func­tions as a time stop spell. 
When the duration expires, you resume acting during your current turn in normal time, but you are shaken for 1 round. 
Splintered or partitioned minds within your own mind, such as might be in effect through the use of psionic powers such as schism, are not temporally sped up, even if your second mind manifested this power. Your primary mind gains the benefit, while your second mind remains stuck in the standard time frame. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, time stop or temporal acceleration (EPH 136). Cost to Create: 21,500 gp, 1,720 XP, 43 days. 
BOOTS OF TRACKLESSNESS 
Price (Item Level): 11,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) illusion 
Activation: — and standard (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
These pale green boots are slim and elegant, with perfectly smooth soles. 
When you wear these boots, you leave no tracks (as if affected by pass without trace). 
Boots of the unending journey 
This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Once per day, you can activate the boots to become invisible (as greater invisibility) for 7 rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
greater invisibility, pass without trace. Cost to Create: 5,500 gp, 440 XP, 11 days. 
BOOTS OF TREMORSENSE 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

The soles of these black boots are unusually wide and their shape strangely cylindrical, like the feet of an elephant. 
When you activate boots of tremorsense, you gain tremorsense out to 30 feet for 5 rounds. This ability functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, tremorsense. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
BOOTS OF THE UNENDING JOURNEY [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) conjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These serviceable black leather boots always seem to bear the dust of the road, regardless of your efforts to clean them. 
Travel is a way of life for the followers of Fharlanghn, and these boots give his chosen followers a spring in their step. While wearing boots of the unending journey, you gain a +10-foot enhancement bonus to your speed if you are neutral good, lawful 
neutral, neutral, chaotic neutral, or neu­tral evil. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you are constantly under a pass without trace effect. Boots of the unending journey also 
render you immune to the effects of fatigue and exhaustion. These are continu­ous effects and require no activation. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Fharlanghn and either sacrifice a 4th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 7 HD. 
Lore: The first pair of these boots was made by an adventurer who had grown too old to travel without magical aid. When she died, the boots were offered to the god Fharlanghn, who wore them himself in his earthly travels. It is said that once per century, Fharlanghn gives his pair of boots of the unending journey to a fellow traveler, then endows an ordinary cobbler with the power to make him a new pair (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, restoration, pass without trace. 
Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
BRACERS OF ACCURACY 
Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
Each of these bronze bracers is engraved with an image of an open eye. 
Wearing bracers of accuracy allows you to make ranged attacks with extreme preci­sion. The bracers have 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants a benefit to all ranged attacks you make before the end of your turn. 
1 charge: Ignore AC bonus from cover (except total cover) for all targets. 
Bracers

2 charges: Ignore miss chance from concealment (except total concealment), including miss chances from effects such as blur or displacement (but not incorporeal¬ ity), for all targets. 
3 charges: Ignore both cover and conceal­ment (as previous entries) for all targets. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, clairaudience/clairvoyance. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
BRACERS OF ARCANE FREEDOM 
Price (Item level): 2,300 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 7th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 
These ornate blue leather armbands are stitched with depictions of golden eagles in flight. 
Bracers of arcane freedom allow you to cast arcane spells without the normal complex gestures required. When you activate these bracers, you omit the somatic com­ponent of the next arcane spell you cast before the end of your turn (as if applying the Still Spell feat to it, but without alter­ing the spell's level or casting time). 
This effect functions two times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, free­dom of movement. Cost to Create: 1,150 gp, 92 XP, 3 days. 
BRACERS OF THE BLAST BARRIER 
Price (Item Level): 3,200 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 7th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
These silver and red bracers are set with round, jet-black stones. 
of dawn 
Bracers of the blast barrier allow you to turn a spell or spell-like ability into a temporary wall of magical energy. When you activate these bracers, the next spell you cast or spell-like ability you use before the end of your turn instead appears as a 10-foot­long, 10-foot-high opaque wall that lasts for 1 round per level of the spell. One end of the wall must be placed at any corner of your space, and the wall can extend in any direction. The wall must be continuous and unbroken when created. If its sur­face is broken by any object or creature, the wall fails to form and the spell and activation are lost. 

Any creature passing through the wall takes damage equal to that normally dealt by the spell or spell-like ability (with a minimum of 1 point per level of the spell or spell-like ability). A successful Reflex save (using the normal save DC for a spell of that level cast by you) halves this damage. 
This ability functions three times per day Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, wall of fire. Cost to Create: 1,600 gp, 128 XP, 4 days. 
BRACERS OF DAWN 
Price (Item Level): 26,000 gp (16th) Body Slot: Arms Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation Activation: Move (manipulation) and 
standard (manipulation) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These leather bracers are set with brass studs. One of the pair also features a lens-and-dial contraption. 
When you turn the dial to the left, both bracers appear normal. When you turn the dial to the middle position, a beam of light emerges from the lens, illuminating your surroundings as a bullseye lantern would. Turning the dial to the left or back to the middle is a move action. 
Four times per day, you can turn the dial to the right position as a standard action and aim the lens at a target, unleashing a searing light effect (as the spell). The dial automatically returns to the middle posi­tion after each use of this ability. 
Even though only one bracer is equipped with the lens-and-dial appara­tus, both must be worn for the magic to be effective. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, searing light. Cost to Create: 13,000 gp, 1,040 XP, 26 days. 

BRACERS OF THE ENTANGLING BLAST 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Each of these jet black bracers is set with an oval of tiny, ruby-red stones. 
Bracers of the entangling blast allow you to reduce the damage dealt by your magic to ensnare those affected by it. When you activate these bracers, the next spell you cast or spell-like ability you use deals only half its normal damage; however, any creature damaged by the spell becomes entangled for 1d3 rounds, taking an additional 1 point of damage per level of the spell each round on your turn. This damage is of the same type as normally dealt by the spell (or your choice if the spell deals more than one type of damage). These bracers have no effect on a spell or spell-like ability that doesn't deal damage. 
This ability function three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, web. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 100 XP, 2 days. 

BRACERS OF 
GREAT COLLISION 
Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Free (command) 
Weight: — 
These thick platinum armbands are etched with a pattern of crossed hammers. 

Bracers of great collision allow you to deliver particularly crushing attacks with blud­geoning weapons. When you score a successful critical hit with a bludgeoning melee weapon, you can activate the brac­ers to deal an extra 2d6 points of damage with that attack (or 3d6 points of damage if you wield the weapon with two hands). You must activate the bracers before you roll damage for the critical hit. 
Bracers of great collision function two times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, greater magic weapon, keen edge. Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 
BRACERS OF OPPORTUNITY 
Price (Item Level): 2,300 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: — and immediate (mental) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

These matching leather wristbands feel light but strong. 
Bracers of opportunity allow you to take advantage of opponents who let down their defenses. 
If you have the Combat Reflexes feat, you gain a +2 competence bonus on any attack of opportunity you make (whether the attack of opportunity is granted by the bracers or not). This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When you activate these brac­
ers, you can take an attack of 

opportunity granted to you by an oppo­nent, even if you have already reached your normal limit of attacks of opportunity in the round. This ability functions two times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Combat Reflexes, cat's grace. Cost to Create: 1,150 gp, 92 XP, 3 days. 
BRACERS OF QUICK STRIKE 
Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
Each of these mithral bracers bears an image of a needle-sharp dagger. 
When you activate bracers of quick strike, you can make one extra attack with any weapon you are holding if you already made a full attack on this turn. This attack is made at your full base attack bonus, plus any modifiers appropriate to the situa­tion. This effect is not cumulative with any other effect that grants you an extra attack when making a full attack, such as the Rapid Shot feat, a speed weapon, or the haste spell. 
Bracers of quick strike function once per day. 
Bracers of arcane freedom 
You must wear bracers of quick strike for 24 hours before you can access their abilities. If you take them off, they become inactive until worn for an additional 24 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, haste. Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 
BRACERS OF 
REPULSION 
Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

Each of these steel bracers bears an oval of smoky quartz carved with the image of an upraised hand. 
Bracers of repulsion produce an instan­taneous wave of force that pushes back enemies. When you activate the bracers, all enemies within 10 feet must succeed on a DC 19 Fortitude save or be pushed 5 feet away from you. Huge and larger creatures are unaffected by bracers of repulsion, though incorporeal creatures can be affected. 
This ability functions three times per day. 
Armbands of might 

Bracers of Bracers of 
Bracers of 

retaliation accuracy 
great collision 

Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Bigby's forceful hand. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
BRACERS OF RETALIATION 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) enchantment 
Activation: — and immediate 

(command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These hard leather armguards look sturdy, yet flexible. 
Bracers of retaliation protect you from attacks and punish attackers for injuring you. They grant you a +1 armor bonus to AC (as bracers of armor). This is a continu­ous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, when you are dealt damage by a melee attack, you can activate the bracers and sacrifice an arcane spell or spell slot of 1st level or higher to daze your attacker for 1 round. A successful Will save (DC 10 + the level of the spell sacrificed) negates this effect. This effect functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Wondrous Item, daze monl ster, mage armor. 
Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 

BRACERS OF WIND Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Arms Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) conjuration Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
These bracers consist of silver plates that can be attached to a person's forearms by ornate leather straps. An etching on their surface echoes the swirls within crystal shards set just above the wrists. 
Bracers of wind continuously emit a faint breeze, occasionally billowing your cloak or hair. Upon their activation, the winds around you swell and surge, imposing a -2 penalty on ranged attacks made against you, as if fired in a strong wind (DMG 95). Siege weapons, thrown boulders, and the like are unaffected. This effect does not stack if the wind in the area is already strong or greater. In addition, when you use a ranged weapon, you gain a +1 com­petence bonus on the attack roll. These 
Brawler's gauntlets 
Brute gauntlets 
Hellcat gauntlets 
Finned gauntlets 
effects function continuously while the bracers are activated. 
You can suppress the winds about you by uttering "calm" in Auran, although doing so also suppresses the benefits the 
bracers bestow. You can reactivate the bracers by saying "zephyr" while focusing on the etchings of the silver plates. 
Prerequisites: Bind Elemental (ECS 51) or Craft Wondrous Item, planar binding. 
Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 

BRAWLER'S GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

The iron links and leather grips of these gauntl lets are rough and worn from hard use. 
Wrestlers and priests of the brawler god Kord prize these gauntlets. When acti­vated, for 1 round, they grant you a +2 bonus on grapple checks and damage rolls when making unarmed attacks. 
Brawler's gauntlets function three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bull's strength. Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 

BROOCH OF AVOIDANCE 
Price (Item Level): 3,100 gp (8th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: — 
This brooch features a square, pale green crystal in a plain gold setting. 
A brooch of avoidance allows you to better escape attacks of opportunity. When activated, it grants you a +4 dodge bonus against attacks of opportunity until the end of your turn. 
A brooch of avoidance functions three 
times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
cat's grace. Cost to Create: 1,550 gp, 124 XP, 4 days. 

BROOCH OF STABILITY 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This runed silver brooch shows signs of conl siderable use. 
This brooch is useful in dangerous battles. When your hit points are reduced to -1 or lower, you automatically become stable (assuming the damage wasn't enough to kill you). 
A brooch of stability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cure light wounds. Cost to Create: 275 gp, 22 XP, 1 day. 
BRUTE GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This pair of heavy black leather gauntlets is set with metal studs. 
Brute gauntlets allow you to temporarily increase your physical might. These gaunt­lets have 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants you a morale bonus on Strength checks, Strength-based skill checks, and melee weapon damage for 1 round. 
1 charge: +2 morale bonus. 2 charges: +3 morale bonus. 3 charges: +4 morale bonus. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
bull's strength. 
Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 

BRUTE RING Price (Item Level): 2,300 gp (6th) Body Slot: Ring Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: — 
This silver ring is set with a sapphire carved in the form of a crude fist. 
A brute ring allows you to push another creature away from you with pure force. When you activate the ring, a blast of force issues forth, making a bull rush attack against a single creature up to 30 feet from you. You can use either the ring's check modifier (+5) or your own bull rush check modifier, whichever is higher. As a force effect, this ability affects incorporeal creatures. 
A brute ring functions two times per 
day. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, telekinesis. Cost to Create: 1,150 gp, 92 XP, 3 days. 
Dispelling cord 

BURNOOSE OF 1,001 THORNS 
Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 7th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 
Thousands of strange pores cover this robe of thick green cloth, making it look like the parched skin of some desert plant. 
A burnoose of 1,001 thorns grants you a +1 enhancement bonus to your existing natural armor bonus. (A creature without natural armor has an effective natural armor bonus of +0.) 
You also gain a +4 bonus on saves to resist becoming dehydrated from heat or exposure (but gain no protection from desiccation damage, such as a horrid wilting spell, or spells that cause you to become dehydrated). This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When activated, a burnoose sprouts hundreds of sharp thorns, which last for 5 rounds. Any creature that strikes you with a natural weapon or makes a grapple check against you (except to escape your grapple or pin) takes 1d6 points of piercing damage from the needles. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, skin of the cactus (Snd 120). Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days. 
Formless vest 
Lightning tunic 

Burnoose of 1,001 thorns 
CADUCEUS BRACERS 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These lightweight silver bracers depict a 
pair of intertwined, snakelike shapes. 
Caduceus bracers allow you to convert your innate healing powers into other forms of restorative magic. By sacrificing 5 points of healing (derived from lay on hands, wholeness of body, or any similar ability that measures your ability to heal as a daily limit of points), you can remove 1 point of ability damage or remove the dazed, fatigued, or sickened condition from one creature. 
Using these bracers in this manner follows all the normal limitations of your healing ability. For example, a paladin using caduceus bracers must touch the target to be affected (just as with lay on hands), while a monk wearing these bracers can affect only herself (since she can't use wholeness of body on another creature). 
You can spend extra points for cumula­tive effect, For example, you could spend 15 points of healing to remove both the fatigued condition and 2 points of abil­ity damage. 
You can also combine normal healing with the bracers' effect. For instance, you could spend 25 points to produce the effects in the previous example and heal 10 points of damage as well. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, lesser restoration. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
CANNITH GOGGLES Price (Item Level): 13,000 gp (13th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — and 10 minutes; see text Weight: 1/2 lb. 
These light orange, round, translucent lenses are mounted within a flexible metal frame that has a soft leather strap with a clasp at the back. 
Cannith goggles grant a +5 competence bonus on Search and Spot checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, an artificer (ECS 29) can power the goggles with infusions, grant­
Casting gloves 
ing them greater power. Using an infusion to power Cannith goggles requires 10 min­utes and the expenditure of an infusion of the appropriate level. An infusion powers the goggles for 24 hours. 
Cannith goggles powered with a 1st-level infusion grant low-light vision. Powering them with a 2nd-level infusion grants the wearer low-light vision and darkvision out to 60 feet. If powered with a 3rd-level infu­sion, the goggles provide low-light vision and darkvision out to 120 feet. 
Lore: The artificers of a powerful noble family called House Cannith were tasked to find a way to enhance human vision, and the results of their research are Canl nith goggles (Knowledge [history] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, hardening (ECS 112). Cost to Create: 6,500 gp, 520 XP, 13 days. 

CAPE OF THE VIPER Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
This viridian cape is shot with threads of greenish metal. 
A cape of the viper allows you to transform into a poisonous serpent. The cape has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges trans­forms you into a viper for 7 rounds. 
1 charge: Small viper. 2 charges: Medium viper. 3 charges: Large viper; add +2 to the save 
DC of your bite's poison. 
While in viper form, you replace all your normal statistics and special abilities with those of a typical viper of the appro­priate size, except for your alignment, your hit points, your Hit Dice (for the purpose of adjudicating effects based on HD), and your ability to 
understand (but not speak) the lan­guages you normally understand. Any gear worn or carried melds into the new form and becomes nonfunctional. Treat this as a poly­morph effect, as defined on page 95 of Player's Handbook II. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, ability to wild shape. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 

CASTING GLOVE Price (Item Level): 20,000 gp (15th) Body Slot: Hands Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: Free (manipulation); see text Weight: — 
This seamless black leather glove has small silver and gold runes around the tip of each finger. 
A casting glove allows you to store an item and make use of it without first retrieving it. It functions as a glove of storing (DMG 257), allowing you to store or retrieve a single item within it as a free action. 
In addition, once per round while wearing a casting glove, you can activate or consume a stored magic item as if you were holding it in your hand. The activation and all effects function just as normal for the item, and the activation requires the same type of action. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, shrink item. Cost to Create: 10,000 gp, 800 XP, 20 days. 

CATS-EYE BROOCH Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration Activation: — Weight: — 
This silver brooch holds a green chrysoberyl at its center, slitted with a black streak like a living cat's eye. 
A cat's-eye brooch provides you with a +1 luck bonus on all saving throws and an 

Cat's-eye brooch 
additional +4 bonus on saving throws against disease. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, resistance, remove disease. Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days. 
CHARM OF COUNTERSONG 
Price (Item Level): 400 gp (2nd) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: — 

Weight: — 
This small silver charm depicts lines of parallel musical notes. 
This small charm, usually pinned to the front of your shirt or tunic, allows you to use countersong to interrupt a sonic attack. Once per day, you can activate your countersong bardic music ability as an immediate action. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Per­form 6 ranks, countersong. Cost to Create: 200 gp, 16 XP, 1 day. 
CHASUBLE OF FELL POWER 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 6th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
This long strip of scarlet cloth is embroidered with arcane sigils and mystic designs. 
While wearing a chasuble of fell power, your eldritch blasts (CAr 7) or spells you cast that have the chaotic descriptor deal an extra 1d6 points of damage. Only a chaotic spell 
that deals hit point damage can benefit from this effect. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, chaos hammer ox eldritch blast. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
CHASUBLE OF FELL POWER, GREATER 
Price (Item Level): 18,000 gp (14th) 
Caster Level: 9th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation 
Arcane runes seem to drift slowly across this scarlet strip of cloth. 
As a chasuble of fell power, except the greater chasuble adds an extra 2d6 points of damage to your eldritch blasts or damag­ing spells you cast that have the chaotic descriptor. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, chaos hammer or eldritch blast. Cost to Create: 9,000 gp, 720 XP, 18 days. 
CHRONOCHARM 
A chronocharm occupies the throat body slot, but it can be worn simultaneously with any number of other chronocharms, which all function normally. However, you can't wear more than one of the same chronocharm. 
You must wear a chronocharm for 24 hours before you can access its abilities. If it is taken off, it becomes inactive until worn for an additional 24 hours. 
Chronocharm of the fateweaver 
Chronocharm of the celestial wanderer 
Chronocharm of the uncaring archmage 

Chronocharm of the Celestial Wanderer 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 
This charm resembles an ebony starburst. 
A chronocharm of the celestial wanderer slows your perception of time, allowing you a second chance to recognize potential danger. When you activate this chro­nocharm, you can immediately reroll a single Listen or Spot check that you just attempted. The result of the second roll replaces the first result. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, hawkeye (SC 110). Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
Chronocharm of the Fateweaver 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 
This tiny golden spindle dangles from a thin chain of gray steel. 
Chronocharm of the horizon walker 
Chronocharm of the grand master 

Chronocharm of the laughing rogue 
A chronocharm of the fateweaver slows your perception of time, letting you avoid an ill-advised step. When you activate this chronocharm, you can immediately reroll a single Balance, Climb, or Tumble check that you just attempted. The result of the second roll replaces the first result. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cat's grace. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
Chronocharm of the Grand Master 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 

This tiny, hollow glass flower dangles from a slim golden chain. 
A chronocharm of the grand master slows your perception of time, allowing you to better dodge an incoming ranged attack. When it is activated, you gain a +5 dodge bonus to your AC against a single ranged attack. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cat's grace. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
Chronocharm of the Horizon Walker 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
This charm shows a rising sun half-obscured by the horizon. 
Like other chronocharms, this item slows your perception of time for a specific, singular purpose. When you activate a chronocharm of the horizon walker, you can move up to half your speed as part of the same swift action used to activate it; this movement does not provoke attacks of opportunity. When determining the dis­tance you can move, round down to the nearest 5-foot increment. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, expeditious retreat. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
Chronocharm of the Laughing Rogue 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 

This miniature hourglass hangs on a thin silver chain. As the sand runs from one bulb to the other, it turns from black to white. 
First imagined by skilled temple raid­ers devoted to Olidammara, the god of rogues, chronocharms of the laughing rogue have found their way into the toolboxes of thieves of all stripes. When you activate this chronocharm, you can immediately reroll a single Disable Device skill check that you just attempted. You can activate this item after the success or failure of the first roll has been determined (even if your failure resulted in accidentally setting off a trap), but before any ramifications of that roll have been applied. The result of second roll replaces the first result. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, haste. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
Chronocharm of the Uncaring Archmage 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 9th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
A bloodstone eye stares forth from this penl tagonal trinket. 
A chronocharm of the uncaring archmage alters your perception of time, allowing you to cast a single spell more quickly. When it is activated, the next spell of 3rd level or lower you cast that has a casting time of 1 full round can be cast as a standard action instead. If you don't cast such a spell by the end of your turn, the effect fades. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 

Quicken Spell. 
Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 

CIRCLET OF MAGES 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: — and free (command) 
Weight: — 

This leather circlet has a silver headpiece showing crescent moons on either side of a seven-pointed star. 
A circlet of mages grants you a +2 compe­tence bonus on Concentration checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, this circlet has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges when you cast a spell allows you to avoid losing that prepared spell or spell slot (as if you hadn't cast it). 
1 charge: Retain a spell of up to 1st level. 2 charges: Retain a spell of up to 2nd level. 3 charges: Retain a spell of up to 3rd level. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Rary's mnemonic enhancer. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 

CIRCLET OF RAPID CASTING 
Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This golden circlet is engraved with dozens of different symbols and runes. 

A circlet of rapid casting allows you to cast a small number of spells each day more quickly. This circlet has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges allows you to cast a single spell as part of the same swift action you used to activate the circlet. This spell must be one that normally has a casting time of no longer than 1 standard action. Doing this expends the prepared spell or spell slot as if you had cast the spell normally. 
1 charge: Cast a single spell of up to 2nd level. 2 charges: Cast a single spell of up to 3rd level. 3 charges: Cast a single spell of up to 4th level. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Quicken Spell. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
CIRCLET OF SOLACE 
Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
The circlet is made of delicate ivory threads interwoven with silver bands covered in runes of healing. 
A circlet of solace allows you to bolster your healing spells. After activating the circlet, the next healing spell you cast on a living ally before the end of your turn also grants that creature a +5 morale bonus on saves against disease, fear, and poison for 1 minute. If the spell affects multiple creatures, only one (your choice) gains the circlet's benefit. 
A circlet of solace functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, delay poison, remove fear. Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days. 
CIRCLET OF WILD SURGING 
Price (Item Level): 4,200 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 7th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: Free (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This thin, platinum circlet depicts blasts of wild energy across its surface. 
A circlet of wild surging allows you to enhance your emotional state to make your wild surges more powerful. When you use wild surge while manifesting a power, you can activate the circlet to increase the bonus to your manifester level by 1. The increased wild surge still requires the normal extra power point cost normally required to augment the power. This also increases your chance of psychic enervation by 5% and increases the dura­tion of your surging euphoria by 1 round (if you have that class feature). 
A circlet of wild surging functions three times per day, but won't function in con­secutive rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, wild surge. Cost to Create: 2,100 gp, 168 XP, 5 days. 
CLOAK OF BATTLE 
Price (Item Level): 22,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders 
Caster Level: 14th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) transmutation 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Thousands of thin, silvery chain links make up this long cloak. 
A cloak of battle grants you a +4 armor bonus to AC. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. The cloak also has two other abilities tied to unique com­mand words. 
The first command transforms the cloak into an iron +1/+1 quarterstaff that leaps into your hands (or falls at your feet if you don't have an open hand). The same command transforms the staff back into a cloak, returning it to your shoulders. 
The second command allows the cloak to make a disarm attempt against an adjacent opponent (using your base attack bonus and size modifier, and with a +4 bonus on the roll). This attempt does not provoke attacks of opportunity. If the disarm attempt succeeds, the cloak can fling the weapon up to 10 feet in any direction. (The disarmed weapon can't be thrown at a creature as an attack.) If the disarm attempt fails, you can't be disarmed in return. This ability can be used three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cat's grace, mage armor, magic weapon. Cost to Create: 11,000 gp, 880 XP, 22 days. 
CLOAK OF ELEMENTAL PROTECTION 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This white cloak is embroidered with runes representing the five energy types in metall lic thread. 
When you activate a cloak of elemental protection, you gain resistance 10 against a single energy type of your choice (acid, cold, electricity, fire, or sonic). This protection lasts until the start of your next turn. 
A cloak of elemental protection functions once per day. You must wear a cloak of elemental protection for 24 hours before you can access its abilities. If it is taken off, it becomes inactive until worn for an additional 24 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, resist energy. Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 
CLOAK OF PREDATORY VIGOR 
Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This leopardskin cloak appears comfortable, yet protective. 
A cloak of predatory vigor helps you channel the power of your combat frenzy into reju­venating energy While in a rage or frenzy, you can activate this cloak to heal damage to yourself equal to your Hit Dice. 
This effect functions two times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cure moderate wounds. Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 
CLOAK OF QUILLS Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: Free (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
Thousands of small quills cover the exterior of this thick, high-collared leather cloak. While most of the quills are little more than the length of a porcupine's, several on the shoulders and back are nearly 2 feet long. 
While grappling, each time you roll a grapple check (other than the initial check to enter or resist the grapple), you can acti­vate your cloak of quills. Doing this lodges quills in your opponent, dealing 1d6 points of damage to each other creature in the grapple (Reflex DC 16 negates). 
This ability functions five times per 
day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
quillfire (SC 164). Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
CLOAK OF THE 
SALAMANDER 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 (10th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This red-hued cloak is made from the 
scales of a reptilian creature and feels 
warm to the touch. When donned, it 
erupts inflame, which dances continul 
ously over its surface. 

A cloak of the salamander deals fire damage to those who strike you in melee with natural weapons or nonreach manufac­tured weapons. The flames that cover it do not harm you or creatures or objects that you touch. 
When you activate a cloak of the salamanl der, any creatures that strike you with such weapons take 1d6+7 points of fire damage. This effect lasts until the beginning of your next turn. This ability functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, fire shield. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
CLOAK OF THE 
SALAMANDER, 
GREATER 
Price (Item Level): 36,000 gp (17th) 
Activation: — 

Made from the scaly hide of some reptilian beast, this crimson cloak is continuously shrouded in an aura of flame and smoke. 
As a cloak of the salamander, except the effect is continuous and requires no activation. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, fire shield. Cost to Create: 18,000 gp, 1,440 XP, 36 days. 
CLOAK OF SOULBOUND RESISTANCE 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders 
Caster Level: 6th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This finely crafted garment is made of blue and purple material. A pair of matched blue quartz crystals form the cloak's clasp. 
Cloak of the salamander 
A cloak of soulbound resistance grants you a +1 resistance bonus on your saving throws. In addition, it serves as a receptacle for your essentia, much as a soulmeld does. Every point of essentia invested in it increases the bonus by 1, subject to the maximum values noted below. 
Each cloak of soulbound resistance has an essentia capacity. The maximum number of essentia points that can be invested in it equals this value or your normal essentia capacity (see Table 2-1: Essentia Capacity, Magic of Incarnum 19), whichever is lower. Investing or reallocating essentia in the cloak is a swift action (and can be done as part of the normal swift action used for reallocating essentia). 
A cloak of soulbound resistance has a maximum essentia capacity of 2, and the maximum resistance bonus it can grant is +3. 
Chakra Bind (Shoulders): A cloak of soulbound resistance improves your resis­tance bonus by an additional 1 when it is bound to your shoulders chakra, which can exceed the maximum values described above. See Binding Items to Chakras (MoI 108) for more information. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, resistance. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
CLOAK OF 
SOULBOUND 
RESISTANCE, 

GREATER 
Price (Item Level): 13,000 gp (13th) Caster Level: 18th Aura: Strong; (DC 24) abjuration 
Made of cloth the color of a twilight sky, four bright blue quartz crystals form the clasp of this finely crafted cloak. 
As a cloak of soulbound resistance, except a greater cloak of soulbound resistance has a maximum essentia 
capacity of 4, and the maximum resistance bonus it can grant is +5. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, resistance. Cost to Create: 6,500 gp, 520 XP, 13 days. 
CLOAK OF STONE 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 2 lb. 
This mottled gray cloak looks like an incredibly thin sheet of stone. 
While wearing a cloak of stone, you gain a +5 competence bonus on Hide and Move Silently checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, you can activate the cloak to merge with stone as though using the meld into stone spell. This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, meld into stone. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 

CLOAK OF THORNS Price (Item Level): 26,000 gp (16th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This brown cloak seems to be composed entirely of long thorns. 
A cloak of thorns grants you a +2 enhance­ment bonus to your existing natural armor bonus. (A creature without natu­ral armor has an effective natural armor bonus of +0.) 
Cloak of quills 

In addition, any creature striking you in melee with a natural weapon or nonreach manufactured weapon takes 1d4+3 points of piercing damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
barkskin,  command  plants.  
Cost to  Create:  13,000 gp, 1,040 XP,  
26 days.  

CLOAK OF TURN RESISTANCE 
Price (Item Level): 11,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This cloak is little more than a tattered piece of homespun cloth, secured by a rotted leather thong at the neck. 
While you wear this cloak, your turn resistance increases by 4. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, rebuke undead as a 10th-level cleric. Cost to Create: 5,500 gp, 440 XP, 11 days. 
Cloak of predatory vigor 
CLOAK OF WEAPONRY Price (Item Level): 2,300 gp (6th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
This simple white linen cloak is lined with a dark pelt that seems to shimmer and blur under close scrutiny. 
A cloak of weaponry has an extradimen­sional space within it that can hold a single 
Collar of healing 
Cloak of stone 
weapon with a weight of up to 25 pounds and a size no larger than Medium. When you activate the cloak, you can draw forth the weapon (or stow a weapon, if the cloak is empty). 
Creatures and nonweapon objects can't be stored within the cloak. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Leomund's secret chest. Cost to Create: 1,150 gp, 92 XP, 3 days. 
COLLAR OF HEALING Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) conjuration Activation: — and immediate (command) Weight: — 
This lightweight animal collar is crafted from fine leather. 
This collar allows you to heal your trusted animal friend at a moment's notice. A collar of healing functions only when worn by your animal companion, familiar, or special mount. While that creature wears the collar, you always know its exact hit point total. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, you can activate the collar from any distance (as long as you are on the same plane) to cure the animal wear­ing it. This instantly heals the creature wearing the collar of 50 points of damage and removes the fatigued or exhausted condition (if the creature currently suf­fers from such). This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, heal or fortify familiar (SC 98) or heal mount, status. 
Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 

CONTACT MEDALLION Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) enchantment Activation: Standard (mental) Weight: — 
This wide, ovoid medallion hangs from a tightly wrapped leather cord. It bears an engraving of two heads facing one another with a jagged beam of energy connecting their foreheads. 
When you activate a contact medallion, you forge a telepathic bond (as Rary's telepathic bond) with one person who is within 1 mile and known to you. This bond lasts for 1 minute. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Rary's telepathic bond. Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days. 
CORSAIR'S EYEPATCH Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
A leather strap and a bit of hardened leather and krenshar hide make up this menacing black eyepatch. 
Despite its name, the improved visual acuity provided by a corsair's eyepatch is equally useful to landlubbers. Wearing this eyepatch has no negative impact on your eyesight—it appears completely transparent to you. While you wear a corl sair's eyepatch over your left eye, activating it grants you the ability to use see invisibility (as the spell) for 1 round. While you wear it over your right eye, activating it grants you the benefit of the Blind-Fight feat for 1 minute. Moving the eyepatch from one eye to another requires a move action that doesn't provoke attacks of opportunity. 
A corsair's eyepatch functions a total of three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, see invisibility. Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days. 
COUNTERSTRIKE BRACERS 
Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: — 

Each of these steel bracers bears the image of a stacked pair of daggers pointed in opposite directions. 
Counterstrike bracers allow you to answer an unsuccessful melee attack against you with an unexpected riposte. You can activate the bracers immediately after an enemy has missed you with a melee attack. Doing this grants you a free attack of opportu­nity against that enemy (even if you have already used up your allotted attacks of opportunity for the round). You must acti­vate the bracers before your enemy takes any other attacks or actions. 
This ability functions two times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, haste. Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
CREST OF BRAVERY Price (Item Level): 750 gp (3rd) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration Activation: Immediate (command) Weight: — 
This cloak clasp bears the engraved image of a paladin standing against a dragon. 
A crest of bravery adds a regal touch to your attire, emphasizing your bravery and loyalty to your comrades. A crest has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges enhances your ability to bolster your allies against fear, as described below. The effect lasts for 5 rounds. 
1 charge: The morale bonus granted by 

your aura of courage increases by 4. 2 charges: Your aura of courage affects 
all allies within 60 feet of you. 
3 charges: The morale bonus granted by your aura of courage increases by 4, and your aura of courage affects all allies within 60 feet of you. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, remove fear. Cost to Create: 375 gp, 30 XP, 1 day. 
CRIMSON DRAGONHIDE BRACERS 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration, 

transmutation 

Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These leather bracers are crafted from the scaly red hide of a large reptile. 
Crimson dragonhide bracers grant you resis­tance to fire 5 and a +1 enhancement bonus to your existing natural armor bonus. (A creature without natural armor has an effective natural armor bonus of +0.) 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, barkskin, resist energy. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
CRYSTAL MASK OF DETECTION 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

This crystal mask is held in place with black cloth straps, and it covers only the top portion of the face. Translucent and shot through with golden flecks, the mask is warm to the touch. 
A crystal mask of detection grants you a +10 competence bonus on Search checks. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Search 10 ranks. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
CRYSTAL MASK OF DISCERNMENT 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

Crystal mask of dread 
Crystal mask of detection 
Crystal mask of insight 

This transparent crystal mask has a pale green tinge and covers all the face, except the mouth and jaw. Its straps are made of silvery cloth. 
A crystal mask of discernment grants you a +10 insight bonus on Sense Motive checks. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sense Motive 10 ranks. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
CRYSTAL MASK OF DREAD 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

This black crystal mask is mapped with writhl ing red veins. It hides the entire face, revealing only the eyes. Black leather straps hold it tightly in place. 
A crystal mask of dread grants you a +10 com­petence bonus on Intimidate checks. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Intimidate 10 ranks. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
CRYSTAL MASK OF INSIGHT 
Price (Item Level): 20,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

A simple, thin band of turquoise crystal, this item masks only the eyes. Thin, bone-white twine holds it in place. 
A crystal mask of insightful detection grants you a +9 insight bonus on Search and Spot checks. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Search 9 ranks, Spot 9 ranks. Cost to Create: 10,000 gp, 800 XP, 20 days. 
CRYSTAL MASK OF KNOWLEDGE 
Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

This mask features a piece of curved golden crystal that covers the forehead. The crystal is attached to the front of a dark brown cloth cap. 
A crystal mask of knowledge grants you a +5 competence bonus on a specific type of Knowledge check. For instance, one mask would add the bonus on Knowledge (psionics) checks, while another would do so for Knowledge (history). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Knowledge 5 ranks of the appropriate type. 
Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
CRYSTAL MASK OF LANGUAGES 
Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 
This cobalt mask covers only the lower porl tion of the face. Light brown leather straps hold it in place. 
Each of the various crystal masks of lanl guages grants you the ability to speak, read, and write five different languages. For example, a mask might grant the ability to speak, read, and write Celestial, Draconic, Dwarven, Elven, and Infernal. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, speak, 
read, and write all five languages. Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
CRYSTAL MASK OF MINDARMOR 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) enchantment 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

The front portion of this periwinkle crystal mask drops down below the eyes. Narrow slits in the mask allow the wearer full range of vision. 
A crystal mask of mindarmor grants you a +4 insight bonus on Will saving throws. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, remove fear or conceal thoughts (EPH 85). Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
CRYSTAL MASK OF PSIONIC CRAFT 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

Deathstrike bracers 
This bright blue opaque eye covering extends up 
to the hairline, down below the nose, and back 
to the ears. Though easy to pull off if desired, 
the mask fits snugly and needs no straps to 
keep it in place. 


A crystal mask of psionic 
craft grants you a +10 
competence bonus 
on Psicraft checks. 

Prerequisites: Craft 
Wondrous Item, Psicraft 
10 ranks. 

Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 
400 XP, 10 days. 

Crystal mask of visual insight 

CRYSTAL MASK OF When activated, a crystal mask of visual VISUAL INSIGHT insight allows you to ignore the effects of concealment (but not invisibility) on any 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
creature within 30 feet for 1 round. 

Body Slot: Face 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, true

Caster Level: 15th 
strike or moment of insight (CP 93). 

Aura: Strong; (DC 22) divination Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 
This transparent band extends around the 
head at eye level. 
Greatreach bracers 
Deathguardian 
bracers 

Bracers of the blast barrier Goodberry bracelet 

DEATHGUARDIAN BRACERS 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

These two gold coils wind around the arm 
from bicep to wrist like serpents. A tiny 
ruby is set into each end of the coils. 

Deathguardian bracers allow you to trade arcane spells for protection from physical harm. When you activate the bracers, choose a prepared arcane spell or uncast spell slot. You lose that spell or spell slot (as if you had cast the spell) and gain damage reduction equal to twice the level of the spell or spell slot sacrificed. This damage reduction lasts until the start of your next turn and can't be overcome by any type of weapon. 
Deathguardian bracers can be activated as long as you have arcane spells remain­ing to sacrifice. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
DEATHSTRIKE BRACERS 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

Each of these black steel bracers is marked with an etching of crossed swords. 
When activated, deathstrike bracers allow you to use melee weapons to deal extra damage from critical hits and sneak attacks to constructs, elementals, oozes, plants, and undead as if they were not immune to such extra damage. You must still roll a critical threat and confirm it as a critical hit or qualify to deliver sneak attack damage to gain any benefit from the bracers. This effect does not allow you to overcome any other immunity or resistance to extra damage from sneak attacks or critical hits (such as the fortification armor property). This effect lasts for 1 round. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, keen edge. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
Boots of temporal acceleration Dimension stride boots 
Quicksilver boots 

DESPERATION CHAIN Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: Waist Caster Level: 13th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) no school Activation: Immediate (command) Weight: 5 lb. 
Alternating links of a strange green metal and ivory make up this chainlike belt. 
A desperation chain gives an arcane spell-caster the opportunity to either avoid capture or strike back against an enemy. You can activate a desperation chain when you are being rendered helpless by an enemy (such as being pinned, paralyzed, or dropped to -1 or fewer hit points). When you activate the chain, you can cast a single arcane spell of 3rd level or lower without spending an additional action to do so. Doing this expends the prepared spell or spell slot as if you had cast the spell. The chosen spell must have a casting time no longer than 1 full round. Casting a spell in this way requires no verbal or somatic components and does not provoke attacks of opportunity. You must still provide any material components or focus required, as well as pay any XP or other costs of the spell. 
The spell you cast takes effect after the effect that rendered you helpless (so it can't prevent that effect), though it could theoretically neutralize or reverse it. For example, a bard wearing the chain could cast cure light wounds in response to being reduced to -3 hit points. 
This ability functions once per day. 
You must wear a desperation chain for 24 hours before you can access its abilities. If it is taken off, it becomes inactive until worn for an additional 24 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, limited wish. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
DEVASTATION GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

Stylized flames rendered in scarlet enamel encircle these steel gauntlets. 
Devastation gauntlets are prized by anyone who earns gold by fighting in melee, from raging barbarians to wily swashbucklers. These gauntlets have 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants you a bonus to the damage dealt by a critical hit you make in melee. You activate the gauntlets after you have confirmed a critical hit, but before damage is rolled. 
1 charge: +2d6 points of damage. 2 charges: +3d6 points of damage. 3 charges: +4d6 points of damage. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
keen edge. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
DIMENSION STRIDE BOOTS 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These sleek leather boots lean slightly forward, as if poised to leap. 
While wearing dimension stride hoots, you gain a +2 competence bonus on Jump checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, the boots have 5 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges allows you to teleport a short distance (with no chance of error). You must have line of sight and line of effect to your destination. You can't use the boots to move into a space occupied by another creature, nor can you teleport into a solid object; if you attempt to do so, the boots' activation is wasted. You can bring along objects weighing up to your maximum load, but you can't bring other creatures. 
1 charge: Teleport 20 feet. 
3 charges: Teleport 40 feet. 
5 charges: Teleport 60 feet. 


Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dimension door. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 day. 
DISPELLING CORD Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
The end of this long silken cord is tied with five different knots. 
A dispelling cord is worn wrapped loosely around your chest, its two ends slung over your shoulder. When you activate a dispell ling cord, you gain a +2 competence bonus on any dispel checks you make until the end of your turn. 
A dispelling cord functions five times per day. Each time it is activated, one of the five knots magically unties itself, indicat­ing the uses remaining for the day. 
Lore: The first dispelling cords were cre­ated by an ancient king who wanted to prevent his enemies from having magi­cal dominion over his army. To ensure magical supremacy, the king ordered his mages into battle armed with dispelling cords (Knowledge [history] DC 15). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dispel magic. Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 
DRAGON MASK Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) divination Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 2 lb. 
Glistening metals and brilliant paints adorn this elaborate mask, which has the shape of a stylized dragon head. Spreading like a sunburst around the draconic features are rays of shiml mering metal and glass, one for each breed of metallic and chromatic dragon. 
When activated, a dragon mask allows you to use see invisibility, as the spell, for 5 minutes. This ability functions two times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, see invisibility. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
DRAGON SPIRIT AMULET 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This necklace features a large, clear crystal set in silver, and the silhouette of a dragon has been etched onto it. 
Prized by dragon shamans (PH2 11), a dragon spirit amulet expands the range of the draconic aura channeled by those characters. When you activate this amulet, your draconic aura affects you and all allies within 60 feet to whom you have line of effect. This effect lasts for 1 round. 
Though originally designed for dragon shamans, this amulet functions equally well for any other character who gains a draconic aura (see Dragon Magic page 86). 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dragon type or dragonblood subtype. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
DRAGON SPIRIT CINCTURE 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Waist 
Caster Level: 6th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This wide, embroidered belt sash is emblazoned with images of fire-breathing dragons. 
While you wear a dragon spirit cincture, your breath weapon damage is increased by one die (or by 1 point if your breath weapon doesn't deal damage expressed in dice). 
If you are also holding a magic weapon that deals the same type of damage as your breath weapon, your breath weapon save DC increases by 1. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, breath weapon. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
DRAGONFANG GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 8,610 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation, 
transmutation 
Dragonscale cloak 

Activation: — and free (mental); see text Weight: 1 lb. 
These thick leather gauntlets sport real dragons teeth for studs. 
Dragonfang gauntlets function as master­work spiked gauntlets and also grant you a +2 enhancement bonus to Strength. 
In addition, three times per day, you can activate the gauntlets to treat your next melee attack against a weapon or shield as though you had the Improved Sunder feat, even if you don't meet its prerequisites. 
If you have Improved Unarmed Strike, dragonfang gauntlets allow you to overcome damage reduction with your unarmed strikes as though you were wielding a magic weapon. In this case, you deal unarmed strike damage instead of spiked gauntlet damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, hull's strength, magic weapon, shatter. 
Cost to Create: 4,000 gp (plus 610 gp for masterwork spiked gauntlets), 320 XP, 8 days. 
DRAGON'S-EYE AMULET 
Price (Item Level): 55,000 gp (18th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This amulet is a fist-sized orb painted to resemble a dragon's eye. It hangs from a heavy gold chain. 
While wearing this amulet, you gain a +10 competence bonus on Search and Spot checks, and blindsense out to 30 feet. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dragonsight (SC 73). Cost to Create: 27,500 gp, 2,200 XP, 55 days. 
DRAGONSCALE CLOAK [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This long, flowing cloak is sewn from an assortl ment of chromatic dragon scales. 
While wearing this cloak, you have resis­tance 5 to an energy type of your choice (acid, cold, electricity, or fire) provided that you are chaotic evil, neutral evil, or chaotic neutral. You can select or change the resistance by speaking the command word. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you can also transform a dragonscale cloak into functional dragon wings upon command. The wings (which last for 2 hours per day, divided up as you wish) allow you to fly with a speed of 60 feet and aver­age maneuverability. Additionally, the value of the cloak's resistance to energy increases to 20. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Tiamat and either sacrifice a 6th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 11 HD. 
Lore: The first dragonscale cloak is said to have been created from the scales of Tiamat herself by a devoted high priest who visited the dragon queen on her home plane. Since then, those who ally with evil dragons have occasionally col­lected assortments of scales with which 
to duplicate the process (Knowledge [reli­gion] DC 20). Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, polymorph, resist energy. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
DREAMING BLINDFOLD Price (Item Level): 7,500 gp (11th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) illusion Activation: 1 minute (command) Weight: — 
This black silk blindfold is embroidered with mystical symbols done in silver thread. 
While wearing a dreaming blindfold, you are effectively blinded, but you can send a useful or terrible dream to a sleeping creature. Once per day, the blindfold can produce either one of two effects (but not both in the same day): 
Dream: You send a phantasmal message to a specific known living creature. This effect functions as the dream spell, except that the range is 100 miles and you can't deliver the dream through a messenger. 
Nightmare: You send a hideous phan­tasmal vision to a specific known living creature. This effect functions as the nightmare spell, except that the range is 100 miles. 
If you are also wearing a psicrown (EPH 169), you can target the recipient of the dream or nightmare with a single psionic power generated by the psicrown as if you were adjacent to that creature. However, the power costs twice the normal number of power points and renders the dreaming blindfold inert for seven days. 
Empowered spellshard 

Eagle claw talisman 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dream, nightmare. Cost to Create: 3,750 gp, 300 XP, 8 days. 

EAGLE CLAW TALISMAN 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

An eagle claw worked from adamantine dangles from a silver chain. 
The wearer of an eagle claw talisman is capable of delivering ruinous strikes against doors, locked chests, or other objects. When you activate an eagle claw talisman, you gain a +5 competence bonus on the next Strength check (or unarmed strike damage roll) you make to break or burst an item. This effect lasts for 1 round or until used. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, shatter. Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 
EMPOWERED SPELLSHARD 
Price (Item Level): See text 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) varies 
Activation: See text 
Weight: 1/4 lb. 
This reddish crystal shard is inscribed with arcane symbols, banded with mithral, and hanging from a small silver chain. 
An empowered spellshard is keyed to a spe­cific spell of up to 3rd level. When you cast the attuned spell, you can use your empowered spellshard as a focus in addition to the spell's normal components (if any). Doing this empowers the spell (as though using the Empower Spell feat, but with no adjustment to spell level or casting time). The spellshard is activated as a part of the spellcasting process. The markings on the shard reveal the spell to which it is attuned to a character who makes a suc­cessful DC 30 Spellcraft check. The prices and levels of empowered spellshards are described on the table below. 
Spell Level  Price (Item Level)  
1st  1,500 gp (5th)  
2nd  3,000 gp (7th)  
3rd  6,000 gp (10th)  

An empowered spellshard functions three times per day. 
The school of magic an empowered spellshard radiates is the same as that of the spell to which it is attuned. 
Lore: These shards were created during the last great war to assist battle mages on the front lines (Knowledge [history] DC 10). As a result, many empowered spellshards are keyed to destructive evoca­tion spells (Knowledge [history] DC 15). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Empower Spell, spell to which the shard is attuned. 
Enemy spirit pouch 
Brooch of stability 
Anklet of translocation 

Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days (1st level); 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days (2nd level); 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days (3rd level). 
ENDURING AMULET 
Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration 
Activation: — and immediate 

(command) 
Weight: — 

This circular, coin-shaped talisman is half flame red and half ice blue. 
An enduring amulet protects you from extremes of temperature, as if by the endure elements spell. This is a continu­ous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, the amulet has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants you resistance to cold and fire for 1 round. 
1 charge: Resistance to cold 10 and fire 10. 2 charges: Resistance to cold 15 and fire 15. 3 charges: Resistance to cold 20 and fire 20. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, resist energy. Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 
ENEMY SPIRIT POUCH 
Price (Item Level): 2,100 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

A small collection of teeth, small scales, knots of hair, and strange bits of jerky fills this pouch. The worn leather bags strings are long enough to allow the pouch to be worn as a necklace. 
This item is keyed to a single type of crea­ture (aberration, animal, magical beast, and so on). A pouch keyed to humanoids or outsiders must be keyed to a subtype as described in the ranger's favored enemy ability (PH 47). While wearing an enemy spirit pouch, you gain a +1 competence bonus on attack rolls against creatures of this type. 
If you are a ranger, the pouch increases your favored enemy bonus against crea­tures of its type by 2. If you don't have the favored enemy ability, the pouch grants you a +2 bonus on damage rolls and certain skill checks as if that type of creature were your favored enemy. 
Executioner's hood 
If a creature of the type keyed to the pouch wears that pouch, it receives one negative level. The negative level remains for as long as the pouch is worn and dis­appears when it is no longer carried. The negative level never results in actual level loss, but cannot be overcome in any way (including restoration spells) while the pouch is worn. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, detect animals or plants, ranger with favored enemy type/subtype matching that of the pouch. 
Cost to Create: 1,050 gp, 84 XP, 3 days. 
ESSENTIA HELM Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
A flawless sapphire is set on this heavy steel helm, shining almost too faintly to notice. 
These imposing helmets are valued by incarnates and other meldshapers, because they can temporarily supercharge one or more of your soulmelds or other essentia receptacles (see Magic of Incarnum for details on incarnum). 
An essentia helm has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges maximizes the essentia investment in one or more of your soul­melds or other essentia receptacles (as chosen by you when you activate it) for 1 round. Effectively, the helm temporarily adds essentia to the affected receptacles (soulmelds, incarnum feats, magic items, and so on) until it reaches its maximum. While this ability is in effect, you can't reallocate essentia from the affected receptacle. 
1 charge: Maximizes essentia investment in one receptacle. 2 charges: Maximizes essentia invest­ment in two receptacles. 3 charges: Maximizes essentia invest­
ment in three receptacles. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, essentia pool, meldshaper. 
Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days. 
EXECUTIONER'S HOOD [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This black cloth hood is made of coarse fabric. Two eyeholes have been crudely cut to allow its wearer to see, and it is secured at the neck with a piece of rope tied in the style of a noose. 
Death and destruction have accompanied the former wearers of an executioners hood. Those who know of this item's dark history are terrified to look upon one. While wearing an executioners hood, you can attempt a coup de grace attack as a standard action rather than a full-round action if you are chaotic evil, neutral evil, or chaotic neutral. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, each time you make a successful coup de grace attempt, you gain a +1 morale bonus on melee attack rolls and damage rolls and 1 temporary hit point per level. These benefits last for 5 minutes and stack to a maximum of a +5 bonus and 5 temporary hit points per level. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Erythnul and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Lore: Legend holds that a high priest of Erythnul created the original three executioner's hoods and distributed them to followers in large cities, who wore them to terrify the local citizens (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
One executioner's hood was worn by a ruler named Xeric IV, who publicly executed every member of his own extended family two centuries ago. Since then, the three hoods have been scattered across the globe by tides of war and con­quest (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, bear's endurance. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
EYES OF EXPANDED VISION 
Price (Item Level): 3,200 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
These two ovals of murky glass are rimmed with brass and linked by a brass arch. When resting on the bridge of a wearer's nose, the glass magically clears. 
These lenses expand your field of vision. Flanking opponents gain only a +1 bonus when attacking you instead of +2 (attack benefits that are conditional on flanking, such as a rogue's sneak attack damage, still apply because you remain flanked). You gain a +2 competence bonus on Spot checks but take a -2 penalty on saves 
against gaze attacks. These are continuous effects and require no activation. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, true seeing or ubiquitous vision (EPH 139). Cost to Create: 1,600 gp, 128 XP, 4 days. 
EYES OF POWER LEECH Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) enchantment Activation: Standard (command) Weight: — 
Bluish energy plays about these silver-tinted lenses. Silver wires extend back to wrap around the ears. 
Once per day, you can drain power points from another psionic creature by meeting its gaze. A selected target within 40 feet must succeed on a DC 16 Will save, or a connection of crackling energy is formed between the wearer and the victim. The connection drains 1d6 power points from the target for every round that the wearer concentrates (to a maximum of 7 rounds). Concentrating to drain power points is a full-round action. Each round, you gain 1 power point from those drained from the target (subject to your normal maxi­mum). Points you cannot gain are lost immediately. 
Eyes of power leech have no effect on non­psionic targets or psionic creatures with a current power point reserve of 0. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, vaml piric touch or power leech (EPH 124). Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 

EYES OF POWER LEECH, VAMPIRIC 
Price (Item Level): 20,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 15th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 22) enchantment 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: — 
Gold wire rims these dark lenses and extends back to wrap around the ears. Blue sparks of energy dance about them. 
As eyes of power leech, except that you gain power points from the subject even if doing so would bring you over your normal maximum. Furthermore, you can maintain concentration for up to 13 rounds. Power points you gain in excess of your maximum fade after 8 hours if they are not spent before that time. 

Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, vaml piric touch and limited wish or power leech (EPH 124) and bend reality (EPH 80). 
Cost to Create: 10,000 gp, 800 XP, 20 days. 
EYES OF TRUTH 
Price (Item Level): 5,500 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) divination 
Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This pair of thin, crystal lenses has a faint blue tint. 
Eyes of truth grant you improved visual acuity, and can allow you briefly to see the world as it truly is. While worn, the lenses grant you a +5 competence bonus on Spot checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, you can activate the lenses to gain a true seeing effect (as the spell) for 1 round. This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, true seeing. Cost to Create: 2,750 gp, 220 XP, 6 days. 
FANGED MASK 
Price (Item Level): 8,300 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Two rows of overlapping, mismatched teeth form a curving ridge along the bottom of this bronze half-mask's spiny demonic visage. Snakes' fangs, sharks teeth, filed human incil sors, and other yellowed specimens create half of a monstrous maw. 
When you activate a fanged mask, you can make a natural bite attack. The bite deals 1d6 points of damage plus your Strength modifier (assuming you are Medium; see DMG 28 for details on damage for larger and smaller crea¬ tures). This attack is treated as a magic weapon for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction, and the bite damage doesn't stack with any bite attack you already have. 

Three times per day, upon biting a target while activating the mask, you can force that creature to make a successful DC 13 Fortitude save or be stunned for 1 round. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, magic fang or magic weapon. Cost to Create: 4,150 gp, 332 XP, 9 days. 
FARSPEAKING AMULET 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This chain bears a large green crystal in its center. Four smaller, removable charms of red crystal also hang from the pendant. 
To use a farspeaking amulet, one character wears the central crystal, while up to four others carry the four removable, red crystals. Removable crystals don't occupy a body slot, and can simply be carried. Charms can be removed or replaced as a standard action. The wearer can, with a standard (mental) action, return a single charm to the amulet from any distance, as long as it is on the same plane. 
When you activate the amulet, you create a link between yourself and any or all of the characters carrying red charms, enabling all affected characters to converse as if standing together. This effect lasts for up to 10 minutes, and the amulet can be acti­vated three times per day Only characters on the same plane as the amulet's wearer can participate in the conversation. 
If you also wear a magic item that grants you a competence bonus on Listen checks when you activate the amulet, you can choose to also listen to the environment of any or all of the characters in the con­versation as if you were present. The magic of the amulet allows you to differentiate between the various locations without undue confusion. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, clai¬ raudience/clairvoyance, message. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
FIENDHELM 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) abjuration 
Activation: — and full-round 

(command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This horned, black adamantine helm seems to absorb the light around it. The helms faceplate shows a fiendish visage, and hellish orange light leaks from its eyes, nostrils, and mouth. 
A fiendhelm allows an evil-aligned wearer to emulate certain traits of evil extraplanar creatures. Your melee attacks are treated as evil-aligned for the purpose of overcom­ing damage reduction. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, a fiendhelm allows you to use dispel good, inflict critical wounds, and resist energy (electricity or fire only) as spell-like abilities each once per day. Use your own character level as the caster level, and the save DCs equal 10 + the spell level + your Cha modifier. 
A fiendhelm grants no benefit to non-evil wearers. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dispel good, inflict critical wounds, resist energy, evil alignment. 
Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
FIERY TUNIC Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration Activation: — and swift (command) Weight: 2 lb. 
This eye-catching tunic shifts and moves like liquid flame. A crystal shard burns a brilliant red in the middle of the chest, fused seamlessly 
with the cloth of the shirt. 
A fiery tunic grants you resistance to fire 5. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When you activate the tunic, it gener­ates a fire shield, as the spell (warm shield effect only), that lasts for 5 rounds. In addition, any melee weapons you hold while the fire shield is active are treated as flaming weapons (DMG 224). You can deactivate this effect at any time with 
Fiery tunic 

another swift action. This ability func­tions once per day. Prerequisites: Bind Elemental (ECS 51) or Craft Wondrous Item, planar binding. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
FINNED GAUNTLETS Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) Body Slot: Hands Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
Sweeping fins adorn these sharkskin gauntlets. 
You gain a natural swim speed of 30 feet (which also grants you a +8 bonus on Swim checks to perform some special action or avoid a hazard). You can always take 10 on a Swim check, even if distracted or endangered, and can use the run action while swimming. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, swim (SC 217). Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 4 days. 
FIREFLOWER PENDANT 
Price (Item Level): 13,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 13th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 21) abjuration 
Activation: — or immediate 
(command) 
Weight: — 

This fragile pendant is constructed from rose gold and shaped into the form of a flower. It is set with many tiny fire opals. 
A fireflower pendant provides you with resistance—or even brief immunity—to fiery attacks. While it is worn, you gain resistance to fire 10. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When you activate the pendant, you gain immunity to fire until the start of your next turn. However, doing this ren­ders the pendant powerless for 1 hour thereafter. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, energy immunity, resist energy. Cost to Create: 6,500 gp, 520 XP, 13 days. 
FLESH RING OF SCORN Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: — Weight: — 
Barbs protrude from this tiny iron ring. 
To gain the benefit of a flesh ring of scorn, you must wear it as a piercing through the flesh of your upper chest. You can activate it whenever you score a critical threat on a creature. The critical threat is automatically confirmed, but the flesh ring of scorn deals damage to you based on your weapon's critical multiplier. 
Critical 
Multiplier Damage 
x2 2d6 
x3 3d6 
x4 4d6 

A flesh ring of scorn functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, corl rupt weapon (DMG 182). Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 

FORMLESS VEST Price (Item Level): 3,200 gp (8th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: Immediate (mental) Weight: — 
This simple tunic seems misshapen, but it actul ally fits perfectly well. 

A formless vest allows you to briefly make your body amorphous, allowing you to avoid particularly deadly strikes. Once per day, you can activate this vest to take half of the damage dealt to you by a critical hit or sneak attack. You can activate the vest after damage has been determined, but before it has actually been dealt. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, gaseous form. Cost to Create: 1,600 gp, 128 XP, 4 days. 
GAUNTLET OF GRUUMSH 
Price (Item Level): 8,302 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) necromancy 
Activation: Standard 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Flakes of dried gore encrust this crude iron gauntlet. Upon its back is stained the image of a single bloodshot eye. 
Three times per day, this +1 gauntlet allows you to make a melee touch attack to blind a target creature for 1 hour (Fort DC 14 negates). Elves take a -4 penalty on this save. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Wondrous Item, blindness/ deafness, orc. 
Cost to Create: 4,000 gp (plus 302 gp for masterwork gauntlet), 320 XP, 8 days. 
GAUNTLET OF INFINITE BLADES 
Price (Item Level): 6,500 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration, 
divination 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This gauntlet is made of braided mithral links. 
A gauntlet of infinite blades allows you to produce a weapon at a moment's notice. When it is activated, a dagger appears in the hand wearing the gauntlet. This abil­ity functions as often as needed, though the dagger disappears 3 rounds after it is created. 
In addition, the gauntlet has 5 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges creates a more potent dagger than normal, as described below. 
Gauntlets of arrow reflection allow you to Gauntlets of redirect a deflected thrown or projectile 
mindfire 	weapon back at your attacker. When you use the Deflect Arrows feat (PH 93) to deflect a ranged weapon attack, you can activate the gauntlets to cause the weapon to fly back at the character who made the attack. Use the attacker's original attack roll to determine the attack's success, and roll damage as normal as if your attacker had successfully hit with the weapon. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, pro¬ tection from arrows.
Gauntlets of the Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
blazing arc 

GAUNTLETS OF THE BLAZING ARC 
Price (Item Level): 6,300 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Hands Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 1/2 lb. 
These finely crafted metal gauntlets are etched with flames. Each is set with small red crystals
Gauntlets that rest on the tops of the knuckles.
of extended 

range When activated, gauntlets of the blazing arc create a 15-foot cone-shaped burst of flame that deals 4d4+4 points of fire damage to all creatures in the area (Reflex DC 14 half). 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, burning hands. 
Cost to Create: 3,150 gp, 252 XP, 7 days. 1 charge: +3 dagger. 3 charges: +3 dagger of seeking. 
GAUNTLETS OF THE 
5 charges: +3 bane dagger of seeking (choose 
BLOOD-LORD [RELIC] 
the creature type and subtype, if needed, 
when activating the gauntlet). Price (Item Level): 5,120 gp (10th) 

Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Body Slot: Hands 
Armor, Craft Wondrous Item, greater magic Caster Level: 20th 
weapon, major creation, summon monster I, Aura: Strong; (DC 25) necromancy 
true seeing. Activation: — 

Cost to Create: 3,250 gp, 260 XP, 7 days. Weight: 2 lb. 
These heavy spiked gauntlets are made from
GAUNTLETS OF ARROW 
overlapping metal	 plates. Blood drips slowly
REFLECTION 
from the junctures, coating the surface of the Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) gauntlets with a thick, red ooze. Body Slot: Hands Caster Level: 3rd Said to harbor the blood of a thousand Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration victims, each pair of these gauntlets has Activation: Immediate (command) a long and grisly history. They function Weight: 1 lb. as +1 spiked gauntlets if you are lawful evil, 
lawful neutral, or neutral evil. These leather gauntlets have small polished Relic Power: If you have established steel disks set in their palms. the proper divine connection, gauntlets of the blood-lord grant you a +2 luck bonus on melee touch attacks while you wear them. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Hextor and either sacrifice a 4th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 7 HD. If you sacrifice a 6th-level divine spell or have the True Believer feat and at least 11 Hit Dice, every 3rd-level or lower melee touch spell that you cast is automatically empowered as by the Empower Spell feat (although such a spell doesn't use a higher-level spell slot and the casting time of the spell isn't increased). 
Lore: The first pair of these gauntlets was worn by a priest of Hextor who mer­cilessly slew entire villages to make way for the Blood-Lord's approaching army (Knowledge [religion] DC 15). 
Upon the priest's death, Hextor reclaimed the gauntlets. Since then, he has given a pair to a favored follower at least once every century (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Maximize Spell, Sanctify Relic, 
inflict serious wounds. 
Cost to Create: 2,250 gp (plus 620 gp for pair of masterwork spiked gauntlets), 180 XP, 5 days. 
GAUNTLETS OF ELDRITCH ENERGY 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation 
Gauntlets of arrow reflection Gauntlets of the blood-lord 
Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 1/2 lb. 
These black leather gauntlets are studded with multicolored gems. 
Gauntlets of eldritch energy let you imbue your eldritch blasts (CAr 7) with a particular type of energy. When you activate these gauntlets, the next eldritch blast you use before the end of your turn deals energy 
Gauntlets of eldritch energy 
damage (the type of energy depends on the type of gauntlets) instead of its normal damage type. You can't apply the gauntlets' effect to any blast already affected by an eldritch essence invocation. 
Four varieties of these gauntlets exist. Each applies a different type of energy damage to your eldritch blast: gauntlets of eldritch frost (cold), gauntlets of eldritch lightning (electricity), gauntlets of eldritch fire (fire), and gauntlets of eldritch thunder 
(sonic). This ability can be used three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, eldritch blast. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 

GAUNTLETS 
OF ENERGY 
TRANSFORMATION 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
This pair of leather gloves is imprinted with arcane sigils representing different types of energy. 
Gauntlets of energy transformation allow you to temporarily change the type of energy produced by any weapon you hold. When you activate the gauntlets, you change one type of energy damage produced by a melee weapon you hold into another type 

Gauntlets of energy transformation 
Gauntlets of giantfelling 
Gauntlets of 

Gauntlets of Gauntlets of 
infinite blades 

throwing weaponry arcane 
of energy damage (acid, cold, electricity, or fire) for 1 round. Transformed energy does the same amount of damage, but a +1 flaming longsword could be changed to deal acid, cold, or electricity damage instead of fire. 
If a weapon produces more than one type of energy, each activation affects only one type of energy produced. For example, if you wield a +1 flaming shock longsword, you could activate the gauntlets to change the fire damage to acid, cold, or electricity damage, and you could activate the gaunt­lets a second time to change the electricity damage dealt by the shock property to acid, cold, or fire. If your weapon doesn't deal energy damage, these gauntlets have no effect. 
This ability functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, acid splash, burning hands, ray of frost, shocking grasp. 
Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 
GAUNTLETS OF EXTENDED RANGE 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

Each of these well-made gauntlets is set with small purple crystals that rest across the tops of the knuckles. 
Whenever you throw a weapon or other object, gauntlets of extended range give the weapon a telekinetic push, doubling its range increment. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, hawkeye (SC 110) or extend range (CP 89). Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
GAUNTLETS OF GIANTFELLING 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
These leather gloves are cracked and worn, but still quite durable. 
When you activate gauntlets of giantfell¬ ing, you gain a bonus on the next weapon damage roll you make against a creature larger than you before the end of your turn. 
The extra damage is based on how many size categories larger than you the target is. 
Size Categories Larger Extra Damage 
1 1d6 
2 2d6 
3 or more 3d6 

This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
reduce person. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
GAUNTLETS OF LASSITUDE 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 

These tan leather gloves are bound in brass. 
Three times per day, you can make a melee touch attack with these gauntlets. If your attack is successful, the target is subjected to the effect of a slow spell for 5 rounds (Will DC 14 negates). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, slow. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
GAUNTLETS OF MINDFIRE 
Price (Item Level): 11,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

These gauntlets appear pitted and decayed, although closer inspection reveals them to be sound. Each is set with small amber crystals that rest on the tops of the knuckles. 
Once per day, gauntlets of mindfire can be activated to project a 15-foot cone-shaped burst of mental sickness. A successful DC 14 Fortitude save negates the effect. Any creature that fails its saving throw contracts a virulent form of mindfire. A victim can be infected only once; sub­sequent uses of this item on an infected target produce no further effect. 
Mindfire has no incubation period—a victim immediately takes 1d4 points of Intelligence damage. Each day thereaf­ter, a victim must succeed on a DC 14 Fortitude save or take another ld4 points of Intelligence damage. If a victim suc­ceeds on its Fortitude save two days in a row, it fights off the disease and takes no more damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, mind poison (SC 141) or mindfire (CP 93). Cost to Create: 5,500 gp, 440 XP, 11 days. 
GAUNTLETS OF THE TALON [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 

These elegant gauntlets are made of a silvery metal and have a scaly surface. Each finger is tipped with a long talon made of sapphire. 
Provided that you are lawful good, lawful neutral, or neutral good, gauntlets of the talon grant you two primary natural claw attacks that count as magic weapons for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. Each claw deals ld6 points of slashing damage (if you are Medium). 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection and already have levels in the monk class, you are treated as if you were a monk of five levels higher than you actually are for the purposes of AC, unarmed damage, and the ki strike ability. This benefit doesn't stack with similar benefits (such as from a monk's belt). Also, you can treat your unarmed damage as either bludgeoning 
or slashing damage (chosen each time you attack). 
To use the relic power, you must worship Bahamut and either sacrifice a 3rd-level divine spell slot or have the 
Gauntlets of the talon 
True Believer feat and at least 5 HD. If you sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD, the gauntlets also function as ghost touch weapons for the purpose of attack­ing incorporeal creatures. In addition, you gain a +4 bonus on grapple checks. 
Lore: It is said that this silvery set of gauntlets was fashioned by Bahamut himself, then given to the master of a now-defunct order of monks (Knowledge [religion] DC 15). 
Members of the order's inner circle eventually discovered the secret of their manufacture, but they managed to make only a few additional sets before their order was destroyed by followers of Tiamat (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, righteous might. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
GAUNTLETS OF THROWING 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This pair of flexible but tough maroon leather gauntlets has a complex sigil on each palm. 
Gauntlets of throwing turn any handheld weapon into a deadly thrown weapon. When you activate gauntlets of throwing, you grant any one melee weapon you hold the throwing and returning properties (DMG 225-226) for 1 round. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, magic stone, telekinesis. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
GAUNTLETS OF WEAPONRY ARCANE 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 
These long, leather gauntlets extend far up the 
forearm. Silver stitching covers much of the leather, forming complex arcane runes. 
Any weapon (even a nonmetallic one) you hold while wearing these gauntlets 
overcomes damage reduction as if it were a magic silvered weapon. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, magic weapon. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 

GEM OF THE GLITTERDEPTH [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 4,500 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 20th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
This black, thousand-faceted gem seems to sparkle with an inner fire regardless of the ambient light. 
To gnomes, these gems are the very embodiment of the earth's blessings. When you wear a gem of the glitterdepth, you gain a +2 enhancement bonus to Wisdom if you are neutral good, lawful good, cha­otic good, or neutral. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you also have blindsense out to 30 feet while wearing the gem. In addition, you know instinctively where the walls, ceiling, and floor are in any cavern you're in, no matter how large or what the illumination. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Garl Glittergold and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Gem of the glitterdepth 
Lore: According to legend, Moradin wrested the five original gems of the glitter-depth from the earth and gave them to Garl Glittergold, who cut and polished them and then hid them for his dedicated clergy to find (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, owl's wisdom. Cost to Create: 2,250 gp, 180 XP, 5 days. 

GHOST SHROUD 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This shroud looks like a ghostly, translucent version of a winding cloth used to wrap a body for burial. 
While wearing a ghost shroud, you gain a +1 deflection bonus to Armor Class. In addition, all your melee attacks can affect incorporeal creatures as if you were wield­ing a ghost touch weapon. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, create undead, Knowledge (religion) 5 ranks. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
GHOUL GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) necromancy 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These mottled leather gauntlets appear worn and threadbare. 
Ghoul gauntlets have no effect when worn by a construct or undead creature. If you are a living creature, however, these gaunt-
Ghost shroud 

lets virtually meld with your flesh when you put them on, making your hands appear gaunt and rotting. 
Once per round while wearing these gauntlets, you can make a melee touch attack that paralyzes the target for 1d6+2 rounds (Fort DC 13 negates). Elves are immune to this paralysis. 
You can also deliver this attack as part of an unarmed strike, slam, claw, or similar natural attack made with the hand, but in that case, you must attack normally, not with a touch attack. If you die while wearing ghoul gauntlets, they revert to their normal appearance. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, ghoul touch. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
GITHBORN TALISMAN 
Price (Item Level): 1,800 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: — 

A swirl of carved arabesques marks the top of this otherwise austere gray stone pendant. 
Both githyanki knights who captain astral longships and githzerai monks who hunt in rrakmas are known to wear these stones, which are designed for use against their most hated enemies. When you activate a githborn talisman, you gain a +2 insight bonus on attack rolls and weapon damage rolls against aberrations, as well as a +2 insight bonus on Will saves made against the extraordinary, supernatural, and spell-like abilities of aberrations. This benefit lasts for 1 round. 
If you are a githyanki or githzerai, these bonuses improve to +4. This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, owl's wisdom, true strike. Cost to Create: 900 gp, 72 XP, 2 days. 
GLOVES OF AGILE STRIKING 
Price (Item Level): 2,200 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: — 
These forest-green silk gloves feel like a second skin. 
Gloves of agile striking grant you brief bursts of impressive dexterity in combat. When you activate these gloves, you deal an extra 1d6 points of damage with ranged weapons and light weapons (as well as nonlight weapons that can be used with Weapon Finesse, such as a rapier). If you are delivering a skirmish attack (see the scout class, CAd 10), this bonus improves to 2d6. This effect lasts for 1 round. 
This ability functions two times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, divine agility (SC 69). Cost to Create: 1,100 gp, 84 XP, 3 days. 
GLOVES OF THE 
BALANCED HAND 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

Small, open hands formed of hardened leather rest upturned on the backs of each of these thin, brown gloves. 
While wearing these gloves, you fight as though you possess the Two-Weapon Fighting feat. If you already have Two-Weapon Fighting, you can make an additional attack with your offhand as if using the Improved Two-Weapon Fight­ing feat. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, righl teous might or Tenser's transformation. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
GLOVES OF ELDRITCH ADMIXTURE 
Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

Dark whorls stream across these leather gloves, dizzying the eye and clouding the mind. 
Warlocks (CAr 5) prize these gloves, which allow them to enhance their eldritch blasts with pure energy. Gloves of eldritch admixl ture have 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges adds extra damage to the next eldritch blast you make before the end of your turn. This damage can be acid, cold, or fire, as chosen by you each time you 
activate the gloves. 1 charge: +2d6 points of damage. 2 charges: +3d6 points of damage. 3 charges: +4d6 points of damage. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
Melf's acid arrow or vitriolic blast invocation (CAr 136), scorching ray or brimstone blast invocation (CAr 132), ray of ice (SC 167) or hellrime blast invocation (CAr 134). 
Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
GLOVES OF FLAME 
Price (Item Level): 7,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

These leather gloves have steel plates sewn onto the backs of each hand and finger. Small black crystal shards are mounted on the back of each hand, glowing an eerie orange that highlights the swirling mark within. A faint smell of sulfur surrounds the gloves. 
Gloves of flame provide you with the pro­tection of an endure elements spell against cold temperatures and resistance to cold 5. These are continuous effects and require no activation. 
In addition, five times per day you can utter the word "burn" in Ignan to generate flame in the palm of one hand. This flame is as bright as a torch and persists for up to 10 minutes or until you utter either of two other command words, each of which creates a particular effect and then extin­guishes the flame. 
"Scorch": Creates a 15-foot cone-shaped burst of fire that deals 5d4 points of fire damage (Reflex DC 11 half). 
"Singe": Make a melee touch attack that deals 1d6+5 points of fire damage. Prerequisites: Bind Elemental (ECS 51) or Craft Wondrous Item, planar binding. Cost to Create: 3,500 gp, 280 XP, 7 days. 
GLOVES OF FORTUNATE STRIKING 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 
These supple white leather gloves are embroil dered with blue symbols of luck. 
You can activate gloves of fortunate striking to reroll an attack roll that you've made before you know whether the attack suc­ceeded. You must use the second result, even if it's lower. You can't use this ability if you have already rerolled the attack for any reason. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, true strike. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 40 XP, 2 days. 

GLOVES OF INCARNUM THEFT 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) necromancy 
Activation: Standard (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
These fine leather gloves are dyed midnight blue. A single ruby is set into the back of each. 

While wearing gloves of incarnum theft, if you make a successful unarmed melee touch attack (as part of the activation) against a target with essentia, you gain 1 point of essentia and the target loses 1 point from its essentia pool (Will DC 15 negates), if the target has no essentia pool, the attack has no effect. 
Gloves of 
lightning 

The stolen essentia can immediately be invested in any soulmeld, incarnum feat, or other essentia receptacle of yours with no action required, even if essentia investment wouldn't normally be allowed at this time. If you have no means of using essentia, you gain no benefit, but the target still loses the point. The stolen essentia remains in your essentia pool for 12 minutes, then returns to the original possessor. 
Chakra Bind (Hands): If you bind gloves of incarnum theft to your hands chakra, you instead steal 2 points of essen­tia with a successful touch attack, and the save DC to resist its effect increases by 2. See Binding Items to Chakras (MoI 108) for more information. 
Lore: The first gloves of incarnum theft were created by an arcane trickster named Hexandros who dabbled in incarnum use (Knowledge [the planes) DC 15). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, rend essentia (MoI 104). Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 

GLOVES OF LIGHTNING Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Hands Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: — 
Strips of hardened blue leather run to the knuckles of this fingerless glove in a jagged lighting-bolt pattern. 
Three times per day, you can make a ranged touch attack (range 30 feet) that deals 1d8+5 points of electricity damage. You gain a +3 bonus on the attack if the target is wearing metal armor (or is made out of metal, is carrying a lot of metal, and so on). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, shocking grasp. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
GLOVES OF MANUAL PROWESS 
Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: — 
This pair of fine, charcoal-gray leather gloves is exceptionally comfortable. They are so well made that they do not impair the sense of touch. 
Gloves of manual prowess allow you to 
temporarily excel at tasks involving fine 
manual dexterity. These gloves have 3 
Gloves of the titan's grip 

Glovesflame  of  Glovesuldra  of the savant  
Gloves of fortunate striking  

charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants you a competence bonus on the next Dis­able Device, Forgery, Open Lock, Sleight of Hand, or Use Rope check you make. You must begin the check within 1 round of activating the gloves. You can't apply this bonus when you take 10 or take 20—it only applies on a check you actually roll. 
1 charge: +5 competence bonus. 2 charges: +7 competence bonus. 3 charges: +10 competence bonus. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
cat's grace. Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days. 
GLOVES OF OBJECT READING 
Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

The palms and fingertips of these white lace gloves are threaded with platinum. 
While wearing these gloves and han­dling an inanimate object, you can learn details about that object's previous owner through the psychic impressions it has accumulated. The amount of information revealed depends on how long you study the object. 
1st minute: Last owner's race. 2nd minute: Last owner's gender. 3rd minute: Last owner's age. 4th minute: Last owner's alignment. 5th minute: How last owner gained and 
lost the object. 6th+ minute: Next-to-last owner's race, and so on. 
Gloves of object reading will not iden­tify casual users as owners. (Anyone who uses an object to attack someone or something is not thereafter considered a casual user.) 
An object without any previous owners, or without any owners in the past ten years, reveals no information. If you employ these gloves additional times on the same object, the information yielded is the same as the first time. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, scryl ing or object reading (EPH 123). Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days. 
GLOVES OF SPELL DISRUPTION 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

Black striations run across the fingers of these red leather gloves. 
If you hit a creature with a melee attack while it is casting a spell, add 5 to the DC of the Concentration check required to avoid losing the spell. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, dispel magic. Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 
GLOVES OF THE TITAN'S GRIP 
Price (Item Level): 14,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 9th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 
Banded with aged wood, rough metal, and chunks of stone, these oversized gloves rumble when flexed. 
While wearing these gloves, you gain a +8 enhancement bonus on grapple checks. These gloves automatically activate when you enter a grapple, and the effect lasts for 7 rounds. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bull's strength or grip of iron (EPH 111). Cost to Create: 7,000 gp, 560 XP, 14 days. 
GLOVES OF THE ULDRA SAVANT 
Price (Item Level): 3,100 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 
Made from a pale blue metal and adorned with 
glowing, faint blue runes, these gloves are caked 
with layers of frost and ice. 
While wearing these gloves, you can create a ray of frost at will. 
In addition, three times per day, you can imbue any melee weapon held in your hand with the frost property (DMG 224) for 5 rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, ray of frost. Cost to Create: 1,550 gp, 124 XP, 4 days. 
GOGGLES OF DAY Price (Item Level): 4,500 gp (9th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: — Weight: — 
The lenses of these goggles are made of silvered crystal, and the frames are hewn from smoky quartz. 
When you place these goggles over your eyes, you can operate without penalty in preternaturally bright light, such as might result from a flare, sunbeam, or sunburst spell. These goggles also allow a vampire wearer to take a full-round action prior to dissolution when confronted with sunlight, as opposed to just a move or standard action. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, darkvision. Cost to Create: 2,250 gp, 180 XP, 5 days. 
GOGGLES OF DRACONIC VISION 
Price (Item Level): 16,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These goggles have unusually large, yellow-tinted lenses, with a dark stripe resembling a vertical pupil in the center of each. 
Goggles of draconic vision grant you a +5 bonus on Spot checks, low-light vision, and darkvision out to 60 feet. In addi­tion, while wearing them, you cannot be blinded by the cloud a hovering dragon creates (though the cloud still provides concealment for all within it). These are continuous effects and require no activation. 
Once per day, you can activate the 
goggles to grant you blindsense out to 30 
feet for 1 minute. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
dragonsight (SC 73). Cost to Create: 8,000 gp, 640 XP, 16 days. 
GOGGLES OF THE EBON HUNTER 
Price (Item Level): 18,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 6th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) 

transmutation 

Activation: — 
Weight: — 
These goggles consist of coin-sized lenses 
set in a wire frame with a thin wire 
band apparently meant to secure them 
to the wearer's head. 

Goggles of the ebon hunter grant 
you darkvision out to 30 feet, as 
well as a +1 competence bonus on 
attack rolls and damage rolls with 
ranged weapons. 

Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, darkvision, true strike. Cost to Create: 9,000 gp, 720 XP, 18 days. 
GOGGLES OF FOEFINDING 
Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination 
Activation: — 

Weight: — 
The lenses of these goggles continually fade back and forth between soot black and snow white. 
When you attack foes that have cover while you wear goggles of foefinding, you can ignore the cover bonus to AC they would normally receive. The goggles do not, however, allow you to circumvent the effect of total cover. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, clairvoyance/clairaudience. Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
GOGGLES OF LIFESIGHT 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 9th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) divination 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
The lenses of these goggles are hewn from smoky quartz. A tiny hourglass decorates the upper corner of each side of the frame. 
When you activate these goggles, you automatically know whether any visible creature within 30 feet is alive, dead, undead, or neither alive nor dead (such as a construct). This power can be blocked by any effect that would prevent the effect of a detect undead spell. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, deathwatch. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 

GOODBERRY BRACELET Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Arms Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: Standard (manipulation) Weight: — 
Hanging from this simple silver bracelet are a number of charms that look like berries. 
A goodberry bracelet provides basic nourish­ment and minor healing to its wearer and her allies. Each day at dawn, as long as it is worn, this bracelet creates five silver, berry-shaped charms. When plucked from the bracelet, a charm becomes an edible berry with magical properties equivalent to those created by a goodberry spell, except that no character can benefit from more than one berry per day. Regardless of whether the charm is eaten, removed but uneaten, or still on the bracelet, all charms and berries created by the bracelet disap­pear 24 hours after they are created. 
If you also wear a magic item that grants a bonus to your Wisdom score, you can add half the bonus granted by that item to the healing provided by each berry. For example, a character wearing this bracelet and a periapt of Wisdom +4 would create berries that heal 3 points of damage (instead of just 1 point). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, goodberry. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 

GREATER PIWAFWI 
Price (Item Level): 6,500 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration, illusion 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Formed of fine gray cloth smoother and lighter than silk, this delicate cloak is covered in a fine layer of spider webs. 
A greater piwafwi grants you resistance to fire 5 and a +5 competence bonus on Hide checks. A lesser version of this item is equiv­alent to a cloak of elvenkind (DMG 253). 
Lore: The drow created piwafwis to conceal their scouts and warriors from the eyes of enemies. They claim that the cloaks of elvenkind crafted by their surface cousins are mere copies of these items (Knowledge [arcana] or Knowledge [dun­
geonering] DC 15). Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, invisibility, resist energy, drow. Cost to Create: 3,250 gp, 260 XP, 7 days. 

GREATREACH BRACERS Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Arms Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 5 lb. 
This pair of arm-length, leathery bracers is sewn from blackened sinews and tendons. 
Sometimes called "choker sleeves" due to their appearance and effect, these pli­able bracers allow you to attack from a surprising distance. When you activate greatreach bracers, your arms stretch and elongate, extending your reach by 10 feet for 1 round. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, enlarge person. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
GWAERON'S BELT 
Price (Item Level): 21,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: Waist 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This belt of tightly woven, white human hair has several blue and orange crystals braided evenly through it. 
A Gwaeron's belt has two abilities, each of 
which functions once per day. 
The first command causes your weapon to burst into flames (as the flaming weapon property; DMG 224) for 12 rounds. 
The second command produces a wind walk effect, as the spell, but affect­ing only you. 
Lore: The first of these belts was created for Gwaeron Windstrom, a leg­endary tracker and master of wilderness lore who served as an intercessor between mortals and various wilderness deities (Knowledge [nature] DC 15). 
Some claim that Gwaeron Windstorm has ascended to the status of demigod, and a few shrines even exist in his name (Knowledge [nature] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, flame blade, wind walk. Cost to Create: 10,500 gp, 840 XP, 21 days. 
GWAERON'S BOOTS Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) Body Slot: Feet Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
These boots are formed of intricately knotted and interwoven green ropes. Small buds and leaves sprout from several of the larger fibers. 
While wearing these boots, you are affected as if by a pass without trace spell. In addition, you produce no smell and cannot be detected by the scent extraor­dinary ability. 
Lore: See Gwaeron's belt. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, pass without trace. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
HAIR SHIRT OF SUFFERING 
Price (Item Level): 3,400 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Layers of coarse brown horsehair make up this stiff, crudely woven shirt. 
Hair shirt of suffering 
A hair shirt of suffering provides a +1 enhancement bonus to your existing natural armor. (A creature without natu­ral armor has an effective natural armor bonus of +0.) This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
You can also activate the shirt to use cure serious wounds on any creature other than yourself (healing 3d8+9 points of damage). This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, barkskin, cure serious wounds. Cost to Create: 1,700 gp, 136 XP, 4 days. 
HAND OF THE OAK FATHER 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination, 

transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This intricately detailed hand was carved from oak bark and dangles from a crude loop of twine. 
A hand of the oak father has six abilities, each of which functions once per day: barkskin, entangle, goodberry, plant growth, speak with plants, and tree shape. All abilities function as the spells of the same name. 
A hand of the oak father has hardness 10 and resistance to acid 10, cold 10, electric­ity 10, fire 10, and sonic 10. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, barkskin, entangle, goodberry, plant growth, speak with plants, tree shape. 
Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
HAT OF ANONYMITY Price (Item Level): 12,500 gp (13th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This plain black hat has a broad brim and a wide black silk band. 
This hat obscures you from detection, allowing you to blend into a crowd with ease. While you wear it, you are under a 
continuous nondetection effect and have a +5 bonus on Hide checks. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, nondetection. Cost to Create: 6,250 gp, 500 XP, 13 days. 
HEADBAND OF 
CONSCIOUS EFFORT 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 6th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 

The front of this delicate golden headband is set with an array of three matched tiger's-eye gems that seem to glow with inner fire. 
While wearing a headband of conscious effort, you can attempt a Concentration check 
Bear helm Blindhelm 
Angelhelm 
Helm of gazes 

instead of a required Fortitude saving throw once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Combat Casting, bears endurance. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
HEADBAND OF THE LOREBINDER 
Price (Item Level): 1,600 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: — 

The face of this blue-green metal circlet is stamped with the image of a blank, open scroll. 
A headband of the lorebinder grants a +4 sacred bonus on bardic knowledge checks (and on a loremaster's lore checks). This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Three times per day, you can activate the headband to gain the effect of a read magic spell. This ability lasts for 30 minutes. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, read magic, bard. Cost to Create: 800 gp, 64 XP, 2 days. 
HEALING BELT 
Price (Item Level): 750 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Waist 

Helm of heroes 
Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
This broad leather belt is studded with three moonstones. 
While wearing a healing belt, you gain a +2 competence bonus on Heal checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, the belt has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges allows you to channel positive energy and heal damage with a touch. (You can also use this ability to harm undead, dealing them an equiva­lent amount of damage instead.) 
1 charge: Heals 2d8 points of damage. 2 charges: Heals 3d8 points of damage. 3 charges: Heals 4d8 points of damage. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cure 
moderate wounds. 
Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 


HEARTSEEKING AMULET 
Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 15th 


Aura: Strong; (DC 22) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
Fiendhelm Horned helm 
Light reflects from this tiny, dark, three-tined amulet like the full moon shining on a tranl quil swamp. 
A heartseeking amulet allows your weapon to pierce armor and scaled hides as if they were air. When you activate this amulet, the next melee attack you make is made as a melee touch attack instead. If you don't make a melee attack by the end of your turn, the effect is wasted. 
A heartseeking amulet functions three times per day. 
Lore: Many sunsets ago in the swamps of the lizardfolk, the Lizard King battled the Lava Children. Though he pierced them repeatedly with his trident, they were immune to the metal of his weapon; it passed through them as if they did not exist. Eventually, he drowned the Lava Children's champions in brackish pools and drove their menace back into the magma bowels below the Geyser Fens (Knowledge [history] DC 15). 
Eventually, he was able to imbue his own trident not just with the ability to ignore metal but also to pass nearly all physical defenses. Today that secret has been replicated in the tiny amulets that resemble his mighty weapon (Knowledge [history] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, true strike. 
Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days. 

HELLCAT GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 3,200 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

The fingers of these gray and scarlet gauntlets end in sharp talons, and a faint odor of briml stone rises from them. 
When you activate hellcat gauntlets, the next spell you cast during your turn that targets a single creature also deals 1d6 points of slashing damage per level of the spell, unless the spell has no effect on the target (due to spell resistance or a save negating the spell, for example), in which case the extra damage is negated. 
This ability functions three times per day, but it can't be activated in consecu­tive rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, spectral hand, keen edge. Cost to Create: 1,600 gp, 128 XP, 4 days. 
HELM OF BATTLE 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This elegant mithral helm is light, yet sturdy. 
A helm of battle is a useful tool if you favor tactical maneuvers over brute force. When you activate the helm, you gain a +2 bonus on the next attack roll or ability check you make to attempt a bull rush, disarm, overrun, sunder, or trip attempt during your turn. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, fox's cunning. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
HELM OF GAZES Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 13th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) abjuration Activation: — Weight: 3 lb. 
This mirror-bright steel cap is set with three tiger's-eye gems, each one looking in a dif­
ferent direction. 
Each time you would be required to roll a save against a gaze attack, a helm of gazes automatically absorbs the gaze (with no action required). This ability functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, spell turning. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
HELM OF GLORIOUS RECOVERY 
Price (Item Level): 5,600 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This magnificent helmet is chased with gold and silver, and set with three yellow topazes. 
Developed by a militant, lawful good sect for its paladins, these helmets are potent healing devices. Once per day, this helmet can heal you of 4d8+7 points of damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cure critical wounds. Cost to Create: 2,800 gp, 224 XP, 6 days. 
HELM OF HEROES Price (Item Level): 5,600 gp (10th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This iron helm bears horns of 
ivory, each etched with 
scenes from famous 
battles. 
Helm of the purple plume 

A helm of heroes is prized by marshals (MH 11), because it allows them to better direct their allies in battle. When you wear this helm and use your grant move action abil­ity, you can choose instead to grant each affected character a single melee attack (using each ally's full base attack bonus). This ability's activation is a part of the grant move action activation. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, shout. Cost to Create: 2,800 gp, 224 XP, 6 days. 
HELM OF THE PURPLE PLUME [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 4,500 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 4 lb. 

This golden helm covers three-quarters of the face and sports a large, purple feather. 
Symbolic of honor and justice, the purple plume marks a warrior of particular valor and conspicuous honor. While wearing a helm of the purple plume, you have a +2 enhancement bonus to Charisma if you are lawful good, neutral good, or lawful neutral. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you also gain a +5 morale bonus on saving throws against fear effects while you wear the helm. Not only are you more resistant to fear, but exposure to fear actually embold­
ens you. Whenever you successfully save against a fear effect, you receive the benefit of a heroism spell for 10 rounds. If you have immunity to fear, you automatically gain this benefit 
whenever you are subjected to a fear effect from an enemy. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Heironeous and either sacrifice a 4th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 7 HD. 
Lore: The original helms of the purple plume were given as trophies to the win­ners of jousting tournaments held by followers of Heironeous. Since then, they have passed from noble knight to brave squire throughout the centuries (Knowl­edge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, heroism. Cost to Create: 2,250 gp, 180 XP, 5 days. 
Impervious vestment 

HEXBANDS Price (Item Level): 3,100 gp (8th) Body Slot: Arms Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: — and swift (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
These hexagonal, cold iron bands are sized to fit over the biceps and bear various arcane runes. 
Hexblades (CW 5) rely on these items to enhance their curse power and their combat prowess. While worn, hexbands increase the save DC of your hexblade's curse by 1. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, when you activate your hex-bands, you can add your Charisma bonus (if any) on weapon damage rolls you make against any creature currently affected by your hexblade's curse. This benefit lasts for 1 round, and this ability functions five times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, eagle's splendor. Cost to Create: 1,550 gp, 124 XP, 4 days. 
HORNED HELM 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This dark leather helm has an open face, and a pair of deer antlers rises from the forehead. 
When you place a horned helm on your head, the antlers join solidly with your skull. These antlers grant you a natural secondary gore attack that deals 1d8 points of damage plus half your Strength bonus. The antlers are treated as a magic weapon for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, haste, magic fang. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 

IMPERVIOUS VESTMENT 
Price (Item Level): 34,000 gp (16th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 18th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 24) evocation 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This black silk robe is embroidered with adamantine thread in an elegant waterfall pattern. 
An impervious vestment grants a +5 armor bonus to your Armor Class. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, you can command it once per day to create a blade barrier as a ringed wall of whirling blades only (20 feet high, up to 90 feet in diameter, centered on your current location). This effect lasts for 18 minutes or until dismissed as a standard action. As long as you wear the vestment, you can pass through your barrier without harm, though you receive no such protec­tion against any other blade barrier. 
INCARNU M  FOCU S  
Item  Chakra  
Incarnum bracers  Arms  
Incarnum goggles  Brow  
Incarnum circlet  Crown  
Incarnum boots  Feet  
Incarnum gauntlets  Hands  
Incarnum vestments  Heart  
Incarnum cloak  Shoulders  
Incarnum robe  Soul  
Incarnum amulet  Throat  
Incarnum belt  Waist  

Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, blade barrier, mage armor. Cost to Create: 17,000 gp, 1,360 XP, 34 days. 

INCARNUM FOCUS 
Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: See table Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: — Weight: See table 
This item is forged or carved of a blue material, and a tiny star sapphire has been set into it. 
Incarnum focus 
Body Slot Weight Arms 1 lb. Face 1 lb. 
Head ­
Feet 2 lb. Hands 2 lb. Torso 1 lb. Shoulders 1 lb. 
Body 2 lb. Throat ­Waist 1 lb. 

While worn, an incarnum focus adds 1 to the essentia capacity of any soulmeld occupying or bound to the chakra it matches (up to a maximum capacity equal to your Constitution bonus). See Magic of Incarnum for information on essentia, soulmelds, and chakras. 
Wearing an incarnum focus does not prevent you from binding a soulmeld to the corresponding chakra. This is a spe­cific exception to the normal rule against binding a soulmeld to the same chakra as a worn magic item. 
Ten different kinds of incarnum focus exist, one for each chakra (see the table) 
Chakra Bind (Any): While an incarl num focus is bound to its chakra, any soulmeld occupying or bound to the same chakra can't be unshaped except by you, nor can any essentia invested in it be lost or drained, except as part of the normal reallocation process. 
You can bind an incarnum focus to its matching chakra even if it is already occu­pied by a shaped or bound soulmeld. See Binding Items to Chakras (MoI 108) for more information. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Split Chakra (MoI 41), essentia pool. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
INQUISITOR BRACERS 
Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

The harsh suns carved into these heavy steel bracers resemble grim versions of the normally forgiving visage of Pelor, god of the sun. 
Inquisitor bracers provide a potent method for sorting out normal townsfolk from conniving vampires or similarly stealthy undead. After you activate these bracers, the next melee attack you make before the end of your turn includes a cure moderate wounds effect (in addition to the normal damage dealt by the attack), ideally, this effect damages its undead target and reveals its evil nature, but in cases of mis­taken identity, at least the healing helps counteract the damage dealt to a living (and possibly innocent) target. 
You can't use these bracers as part of a touch attack—only as part of a normal melee attack. This ability functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cure moderate wounds. Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 
KI STRAPS 
Price (Item Level): 
5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; 

(DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

These two leather straps seem 
worn and frayed at the edges. 
When wrapped around both hands, these straps grant a +2 enhancement bonus to the DC of your Stunning Fist attack (or any other effect gained by expending daily uses of that feat). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Stunning Fist, magic weapon. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
LENSES OF BRIGHT VISION 
Price (Item Level): 600 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

These thin, yellow quartz lenses are the size of two coins. 
Lenses of bright vision allow you to project light from your eyes. When placed over your eyes (a standard action), these lenses meld into your face, and the irises of your eyes take on a faint yellow hue. 
When you activate the lenses, they create a 15-foot cone of bright light ema­nating from your eyes. Unlike normal light sources, the lenses produce no shadowy illumination. The illumination lasts for 10 minutes or until you expend another swift action to douse it. Treat this 
Inquisitor bracers Ki straps 
effect as a 0-level spell for the purpose of interacting with darkness effects. This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, light. Cost to Create: 300 gp, 24 XP, 1 day. 
LENSES OF TRUE FORM Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 13th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) divination Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: — 
These lenses are small, clear, crystalline conl structions set into a golden frame. 
When you place these lenses over your eyes, they become all but invisible (Spot DC 30 to notice). While wearing the lenses, you gain a +10 circumstance bonus on Spot checks to see through a disguise. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, once per day you can activate the lenses to force a single shape-shifted creature within 30 feet to resume its natural form. The target creature can attempt a DC 14 Will save to resist. Failure means it immediately assumes its natural form, shape, and size, and it cannot assume a different shape for the next 2d4 rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, true 
seeing, dispel magic or greater dispel magic. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 
10 days. 

LIGHTNING 
GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) Body Slot: Hands Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation 
Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
Threads of copper run along the fingers of these finely crafted black 
leather gloves. 
Each pair of lightning gauntlets has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges allows you to deal electricity damage to an adjacent target. No attack roll is required, but a successful DC 14 Reflex save halves the damage dealt. 
1 charge: 2d6 points of electric­ity damage. 2 charges: 3d6 points of elec­tricity damage. 3 charges: 4d6 points of elec­tricity damage. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, shocking grasp. Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 
LIGHTNING TUNIC 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp 
(11th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) 
evocation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
A pattern of lightning bolts adorns this fine, blue linen tunic. 
A lightning tunic allows you to punish attackers with crackling electricity. This tunic has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges creates an electrical field around your body, which deals electricity damage to anyone striking you with a natural attack or nonreach melee weapon. This effect lasts for 3 rounds once acti¬ vated, and it does not harm you or your gear. 
1 charge: 2d6 points of elec­tricity damage. 
2 charges: 3d6 points of electricity damage. 
3 charges: 4d6 points of electricity damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Won­

drous Item, shocking  grasp.  
Cost  to  Create:  4,000 gp,  
320 XP, 8 days.  

Lightning gauntlets 

LOCKPICKING RING 
Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) Body Slot: Ring Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: — and standard 
(manipulation) 
Weight: — 
This large ring is set with a faceted ruby. Closer inspection reveals a tiny trigger near the base of the stone. 
Hidden below the stone in this ring is a set of tiny prongs, wires, and other small devices that spring out when the trigger is depressed. Using a lockpicking ring grants you a +5 competence bonus on Open Lock checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, you can activate the ring once per day to use knock. You must touch the ring to the portal you want to open. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, knock. Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 4 days. 
LORE GEM 
Price (Item Level): 7,500 gp 
(11th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) 
divination Activation: — and full-round (mental) Weight: — 
This oval purple gem is flat on one side. Images of strange runes seem to materialize and dissipate within it. 
A lore gem affixes to your forehead and can be easily removed (requiring a stan­dard action either way). While it is worn, you can better focus your mind and memory, gaining a +2 competence bonus on Knowledge checks, though you must spend a full round in contemplation to gain this bonus. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Additionally, a lore gem acts as a spell­book, allowing a wizard (or any other spellcaster who requires a spellbook) to record spells into and prepare spells directly from the lore gem. The gem holds up to thirty spells of any levels, and recording a new spell into a lore gem requires the normal amount of time and expense. You can also erase an existing spell as a standard action. A newly created lore gem is empty of spells, but a lore gem recovered as treasure might have spells recorded within, at the DM's 
option. If so, the value of the item should increase as if it were a spellbook. 

Prerequisites: Craft Won­
drous Item, legend lore, secret 
page. 

Cost to Create: 3,750 gp, 
300 XP, 8 days. 

MANTLE OF SECOND CHANCES 
Price (Item Level): 
12,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) 

divination 
Activation: Immediate 
(mental) 
Weight: — 

This mantle is made of brilliant 
blue cloth that is smooth to the 
touch, like silk. Symbols reprel 
senting various elements of good 
fortune are embroidered along its 
hem in white and silver. 

Once per day you can tap into the power of good fortune. When you do so, you can reroll one roll that you have just made before the DM declares whether it resulted in success or failure. You must accept the result of the reroll, even if it's worse than the original roll. You can access the mantle's power even if you already have a similar ability from a class feature (such as the granted power of the Luck domain). 
Lore: A human bard named Elva, who had a knack for getting herself into tight situations, designed the original mantle of second chances (Knowledge [history] DC 15). 
A mantle of second chances makes you lucky and allows you second chances when none should be possible (Knowledge [history] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Luck domain. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
MASK OF BLOOD 
Price (Item Level): 
3,300 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; 

(DC 18) enchantment 
Activation: — and standard 
(mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Rivulets of blood gush down the flensed face of this red metal mask. 
If you are wearing a mask of blood when you enter a rage or frenzy, that ability lasts for 1 round longer than normal. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
The liquid flowing over a mask of blood is normally harm­less, but when you activate the mask, you can spit a stream of blood as a ranged touch attack (range 30 feet). This stream deals 4d6 points of acid damage to the target. This ability functions two times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Melf's acid arrow, rage. Cost to Create: 1,650 gp, 132 XP, 4 days. 
MASK OF LIES 
Price (Item Level): 4,500 gp 
(9th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) 
abjuration Activation: — and swift (mental) Weight: 1 lb. 
Mantle of second chances This black, featureless mask has cross-shaped slits where the wearer's eyes and mouth should be. 
While wearing this mask, you gain a +5 
competence bonus on Bluff checks and your alignment is disguised as if by an undetectable alignment spell. 
This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When you activate the mask, you can alter your appearance as if by a disguise self spell. This ability 
functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, disguise self, undetectable alignment. Cost to Create: 2,250 gp, 180 XP, 5 days. 
MASK OF MENTAL ARMOR 
Price (Item Level): 
4,000 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) 
abjuration 

Activation: — Weight: — 
Mask of lies 
Broad lines radiate from the eyes of this blue leather mask, each ending in a spiral. 
You gain a +3 resistance bonus on saving throws against mind-affecting spells and abilities. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, spell resistance. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
MASK OF SILENT TRICKERY 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: — 
This pale gray mask is designed to cover the left half of your face. A moonstone is set into its cheek. 
A mask of silent trickery allows you to cast certain spells without others hearing you. When you activate this mask, you can omit the verbal component of the next enchant­ment or illusion spell you cast before the end of your turn (as if applying the Silent Spell feat to it, but without altering the spell's level or casting time). 
This ability functions two times per 

day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
Silent Spell, silence. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
Moonstone mask 
MASK OF SWEET AIR Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration Activation: — Weight: — 
Cut to cover the mouth and nose, this clear crysl tal half-mask has tiny, bubblelike imperfections that mar the interior surface of. 

While wearing a mask of sweet air, you can breathe freely in air fouled by smoke, dust, and fumes without fear of suffocation. You gain a +5 bonus on saves against airborne stench attacks and inhaled poisons, such as the stench of a troglodyte or the effect of cloudkill. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, freel dom of breath (Snd 116), neutralize poison. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
MEDAL OF GALLANTRY Price (Item Level): 1,350 gp (5th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration Activation: — and swift (command) Weight: — 
This silver brooch is shaped like the sun. A golden cabochon adorns the center. 
A medal of gallantry grants you a +2 bonus on Diplomacy checks but imposes a -2 
Mask of mental armor 
penalty on Bluff checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Three times per day, you can activate the medal to use sanctuary on yourself. If you attack while protected by this effect, you take a -1 morale penalty on that attack and all subsequent attacks for 1 hour afterward. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, sanctuary. Cost to Create: 675 gp, 54 XP, 2 days. 

MESMERIST'S GLOVES Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) Body Slot: Hands Caster Level: 13th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) enchantment Activation: Free (mental) Weight: 1 lb. 
These dark leather gloves have patterns of swirling, multicolored lines embroidered onto the palms. 
Mesmerist's gloves allow a spellcaster to affect an extra target with her enchant­ment spells. Any time you cast an enchantment spell of 3rd level or lower that targets an enemy, you can activate this item to have the spell also target another enemy within 10 feet of the original target. 
This ability functions two times per 
day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, mass 
suggestion. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 

MIND BLADE GAUNTLET 
Price (Item Level): 24,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) conjuration 
Activation: Free (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

A shimmering opalescent gleam shifts slowly across this leather gauntlet. 
A mind blade gauntlet allows a soulknife to enhance the power of his mind blade. Each mind blade gauntlet is created with a particular weapon property with a market price modifier of +2 (such as collision) that can be used by a soulknife with the mind blade enhancement class feature (see the soulknife class description, EPH 26). 
When you expend your psionic focus while manifesting your mind blade, the blade gains the weapon property desig­nated by the gauntlet. This effect lasts for 1 minute. 
If you split your mind blade into two matching blades, the effect applies only to the mind blade manifested through the mind blade gauntlet. Unlike most items that occupy the hands body slot, you can wear two mind blade gauntlets simultane­ously, allowing an effect to be applied to each mind blade (but not two effects to one mind blade). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, mind blade. Cost to Create: 12,000 gp, 960 XP, 24 days. 
MIND BLADE GAUNTLET, GREATER 
Price (Item Level): 42,000 gp 
(17th) 
Caster Level: 15th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) 

conjuration 
This softly glowing gauntlet seems made 
from seamless cloth spun from opals. 

A greater mind blade gauntlet functions 
as a mind blade gauntlet, except that it 
holds a weapon property with a +3 
bonus market price modifier that 
can be used by a soulknife with 
the mind blade enhancement 
class feature. 

Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms 
and Armor, mind blade. 
Cost to Create: 21,000 gp, 1,680 XP, 
42 days. 

MIND BLADE GAUNTLET, LESSER 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration 
This soft leather gauntlet has an opalescent shine. 
A lesser mind blade gauntlet functions as a mind blade gauntlet, except that it holds a weapon property with a +1 bonus market price modifier that can be used by a soulknife with the mind blade enhance­ment class feature. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, mind blade. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
MINDVAULT Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) necromancy Activation: Immediate (command) Weight: — 
This circlet bears a tiny gem, which appears to have a hollow cage deep within its facets. 
A mindvault offers its wearer temporary shelter from effects that would influence his mind. When you activate a mindvault, your consciousness is transferred into the gem held in the circlet for 1 round. While this effect lasts, you are immune to mind-affecting spells and abilities. However, you are dazed in that round as well. 
You can activate a mindvault after you learn the result of an incoming mind-affecting spell, but before the effect is applied. For example, after failing your Will save and learning that an enemy wizard has affected you with dominate person, you could activate your mindvault before the domination takes effect (thus negating it entirely). 
A mindvault functions once per day. 
You must wear a mindvault for 24 hours before you can access its abilities. If it is taken off, it becomes inactive until worn for an additional 24 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, magic jar. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
MITHRAL BELLS Price (Item Level): 3,700 gp (8th) Body Slot: Arms Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation Activation: — and standard (thrown); see text Weight: 1 lb. 
A number of tiny silvery bells adorn this glisl tening bracelet, each sculpted with swirling and curving embellishments. 
As long as at least one of the eleven bells that adorn this bracelet remain, it pro­vides a +2 competence bonus on Perform checks. 
The bells are easily detached, allow­ing you to remove and throw one up to 40 feet. When it reaches the end of its trajectory, the bell explodes in a sound burst, as the spell. Once activated, a bell is expended and cannot be used again. When the last bell is removed, the bracelet loses all magic. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, sound burst, bard. Cost to Create: 1,850 gp, 148 XP, 4 days. 
MONOCLE OF 
PERUSAL 

Price (Item Level): 6,500 gp 
(10th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination 
Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: — 
Medal of gallantry 
This lens is made of smoothly polished crystal and set inside an ebony band. It is attached to a black leather cord tied into a loop to secure it to the wearer's clothing when not in use. 
This lens provides you with a +5 compe­tence bonus on Appraise checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Furthermore, it allows you to use idenl tify three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, identify. Cost to Create: 3,250 gp, 260 XP, 7 days. 
MOONSTONE MASK 
Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination, 

transmutation 

Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Highlights of moonstone accentuate every ridge and curve of this angular silver mask. 
A moonstone mask grants you a +5 compe­tence bonus on Listen and Spot checks, as well as darkvision out to 30 feet. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, clail raudience/clairvoyance, darkvision. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
NECKLACE OF COPPER DRAGON SCALES 
Price (Item Level): 570 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
Six coin-sized copper dragon scales adorn this simple brown cord. 
Upon touching one of the six scales that make up this necklace and uttering a command word, you gain resistance to acid 5 for 1 hour. Once all six scales are used, the necklace becomes dull and loses its magic. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 

resist energy. 
Cost to Create: 285 gp, 22 XP, 1 day. 

NECKLACE OF WARNING 
Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This short necklace is composed of white jade and tiny sapphires. 
A necklace of warning warns you of impend­ing danger, granting you a +2 bonus to your flat-footed AC (up to a maximum value equal to your normal AC). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, augury. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
PEARL OF SPEECH 
Price (Item Level): 600 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) divination 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: — 

This large blue pearl is shot through with crissl crossing brown, green, and gold veins. 
These items were originally created by drow and used to command their slaves without stooping to learn their foul lan­guages. The secret of creating pearls of speech long ago became known to bards and others who rely on languages. When you place a pearl of speech upon your tongue (a standard action), it is absorbed into your mouth until you speak the proper com­mand word to release it. While absorbed, the pearl grants you the ability to speak and understand a specific language, such as Dwarven or Draconic. Each pearl is created for a specific language, and you can have only one pearl of speech active at a time. 
In addition, while the pearl is active, it can be activated to produce a command effect once per day (Will DC 11 negates). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, coml mand, tongues. Cost to Create: 300 gp, 24 XP, 1 day. 
PENDANT OF JOY Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 5th Aura: Moderate; (DC 17) enchantment Activation: — Weight: — 
This teardrop-shaped amulet is made of blue-green crystal. 
When it is worn by a character who has at least 1 power point, a pendant of joy subtly reaches out to nearby minds, touching them with feelings of pleasure and con­tentment. All creatures within 30 feet (including the wearer) gain a +2 morale bonus on Diplomacy checks. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, calm emotions. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 

PHOENIX HELM 
Price (Item Level): 6,500 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) abjuration 
Activation: See text 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This helm is forged of copper and inlaid with silver and gold. The whole piece is stylized in the shape of a phoenix with its wings unfurled, its legs guarding the temples, and its head adorning the brow. 
A phoenix helm grants you low-light vision. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, you can use each of the fol­lowing abilities once per day: feather fall, resist energy, and speak with animals (birds only). Each of these abilities can be used as a standard (command) action except feather fall, which requires an immediate (command) action to activate. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, feather fall, low-light vision (SC 134), resist energy, speak with animals. 
Cost to Create: 3,250 gp, 260 XP, 7 days. 

PIERCER CLOAK 
Price (Item Level): 900 gp (4th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: — 

The back of this dark cloak depicts a silver spear pointed downward. 
The wearer of a piercer cloak can make dev­astating attacks when positioned above her enemy. When you activate a piercer cloak, any attack you make on your current turn from higher ground (PH 151) deals an extra ld6 points of damage. If you charge your enemy from at least 10 feet above him, this extra damage increases to 2d6. This benefit lasts for 1 round. 
This ability functions three times per day. 
Lore: When the Halfling Rain came to Holtberg—the seven nights when halfling thieves pounced from rooftops onto passersby, assassinating them or 

knocking them 
out and taking every 
last stitch they owned— 
many of the thieves wore these 
cloaks (Knowledge [history] or 
Knowledge [local] DC 15). 

Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous 
Item, bull's strength, jump. 
Cost to Create: 

450 gp, 36 XP, 
1 day. 

PLATINUM HELM [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This scaled metal helm covers the entire face. A pair of large, fully spread dragon wings is attached at the temples. 
A platinum helm imbues you with the essence of Bahamut, lord of the good dragons. While wearing it, you are immune to the frightful presence of evil dragons if you are lawful good, neutral good, or lawful neutral. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you can activate the helm as you make an attack to create a frightful presence effect. When you do so, each foe within 60 feet of you must succeed on a Will save (DC 10 + 1/2 your Hit Dice + your Cha modifier) or be panicked (if it has 4 or fewer HD) or shaken (if it has 5 or more HD) for 4d6 rounds. This ability functions three times per day. 
To use the relic power, you must worship Bahamut and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. If you sacrifice an 8th-level spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 15 Hit Dice, you can command the helm once per day to grant you blindsense with a 60-foot range for 1 hour. 
Lore: The seven original platinum helms were given to the gold dragons that served as Bahamut's consorts. In the centuries since, they have passed to his servants on the Material Plane (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, fear or frightful presence, true seeing. 
Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
Platinum helm 
PSIONATRIX 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 8th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) varies 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This heavy bronze amulet features a pair of wings that cover the upper chest. At the pendant's center rests a glimmering, multil faceted crystal. 
Each discipline of psionics has its own psionatrix. Wearing one adds a +1 enhance­ment bonus to the save DC of powers of the appropriate discipline. For example, the DC to resist psionic suggestion is 1 higher when the caster wears a psionatrix of telepathy. 
The glow in the heart of the central crystal varies depending on its school: light blue (clairsentience), green (meta­creativity), red (psychokinesis), violet (psychometabolism), orange (psychopor¬ tation), and yellow (telepathy). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, spe­cialized in the appropriate discipline. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
QUICKSILVER BOOTS Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) Body Slot: Feet Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) illusion Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
The tops of these leather boots are folded over to make 

cuffs, revealing the arcane symbols that are woven with golden thread into the boots' lining. 
Quicksilver boots give you the ability to flash across the battlefield with a moment's im­pulse. When you activate these boots, you can move a distance up to your land speed (as if us­
ing a move action to do so). This extra movement follows all the normal rules for movement, except that you can move across water or other liq­uid without falling in (as long as you start and finish on solid ground). You provoke attacks of opportunity as normal for move­ment, though the rapidity of your travel makes your form blurry, providing con­cealment against such attacks. 
This ability functions two times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, blur, expeditious retreat. Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 4 days. 
RAGS OF RESTRAINT 
Price (Item Level): 3,200 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

The ancient strips of cloth that make up this ragged shirt are dirty and tattered. 
Rags of restraint allow you to channel ki power to heal your own injuries. When you activate this item, you must either expend a daily use of your Stunning Fist feat (if you are a monk) or a daily use of your ki power class feature (if you are a ninja). Doing so heals you of damage equal to your monk or ninja level (or the sum of both if you have both classes). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cure serious wounds, wholeness of body or ki power. 
Cost to Create: 1,600 gp, 128 XP, 4 days. 
RAPIDSTRIKE BRACERS Price (Item Level): 3,100 gp (8th) Body Slot: Arms Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
This pair of polished mithral bracers 
are of simple but elegant craftsl 
manship, contoured to fit the 
forearms perfectly. 

Rapidstrike bracers increase 
the accuracy of a monk's 
flurry of blows. When 
you activate these bracers, 
you gain a +2 competence 
bonus on attack rolls made 
as part of a flurry of blows until 
the end of your turn. 

This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, haste. Cost to Create: 1,550 gp, 124 XP, 4 days. 
REACH GAUNTLETS Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) Body Slot: Hands Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
Each of these gauntlets bears a brass plate set with a faceted pale blue crystal on the back of the hand. 
If you are a psionic character, reach gauntlets allow you to temporarily create a telekinetic extension of your normal attacks. You must spend 1 power point to activate the gauntlets, effectively extend­ing your normal reach by 5 feet for all melee attacks you make until the end of your turn. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, mage hand or extend reach (CP 89). Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
REARGUARD'S CAPE Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
Emblazoned upon the white cloth of this cloak is an azure shield with two crossed black swords in front of it. 
If you are a marshal (MH 11), a rearguard's cape provides you with a potent ability whenever you and your allies are out­numbered. If the number of visible, active enemies within 60 feet of you exceeds 
Reach gauntlets 
Rending  
gauntlets  
Repelling  
gauntlets  


the number of your visible, active allies (including yourself) within 60 feet, you can activate this cape. While it is active, the bonus granted by your minor and major auras improves by 2. 
This benefit lasts for 10 rounds or until you and your allies are no longer outnumbered. This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, eagle's splendor. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 160 XP, 2 days. 
RECIPROCAL BRACERS 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: — 

These dark adamantine bracers are slightly difl ficult to separate, as if a magical field attracts them to one another. 
Warriors tired of taking more damage than they deal out appreciate the power of reciprocal bracers, which allow them to turn their enemies' powerful strikes against them. If you score a hit in melee against someone who scored a critical hit or sneak attack against you since your last turn, you can activate these bracers to automatically consider your attack roll a critical threat. You must still confirm the critical hit as normal. 
This ability functions two times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, keen edge. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
REINS OF 
ASCENSION 

Price (Item Level): 3,300 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These sturdy leather reins are stitched with images of horses soaring through the air. 
These reins allow your mount to briefly break the bonds of gravity. Reins of ascenl sion have 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants your mount a benefit as described below. 
1 charge: +10 competence bonus on Jump checks for 10 rounds. 2 charges: Fly at normal land speed (aver­age maneuverability) for 5 rounds. 
3 charges: Fly at double normal land speed (perfect maneuverability) for 1 round. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, fly, jump. Cost to Create: 1,650 gp, 132 XP, 4 days. 

RELIQUARY HOLY SYMBOL 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation 
Activation: — 

Weight: — 
This hollow holy symbol holds a pinch of dust and a fragment of bone. 
As the repository of a tiny fragment of a long-dead high priest of a particular deity, a reliquary holy symbol functions just like any other holy symbol. In addition, for each of the following prerequisites that you meet, the holy symbol grants you one additional daily use of your turn or rebuke undead ability. 
•	
 At least 5 ranks in Knowledge (religion) 

•	
 Improved Turning feat 

•	
 At least one divine feat (CD 77) 


Each reliquary holy symbol is crafted for a specific deity and is only useful to char­acters dedicated to that deity (or in the case of a character who isn't devoted to a specific deity, whose alignment matches that of the deity). For example, a reliquary holy symbol of Heironeous can be used by any cleric of Heironeous, or by any lawful good character. 

Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, turn undead. Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 
RENDING GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 3,610 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

These heavy, fingerless leather gloves bear shinl ing adamantine bands across the knuckles. 
These masterwork spiked gauntlets allow you to tear the flesh of any creature you strike with at least two weapons. If you deal damage to a creature with at least two different weapons or natural attacks on your turn, you can activate rending gauntl lets to deal an extra 2d6 points of damage with the second attack. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, shatter. 
Cost to Create: 1,500 gp (plus 610 gp for masterwork spiked gauntlets), 120 XP, 3 days. 
REPELLING GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 2,300 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: — 

Dark birds of prey, four small chains, and a black-and-yellow checkered field adorn these leather gloves. 
Inspired by the spells of the legendary wizard Bigby, these gloves help keep enemies at a safe distance. You can acti­vate repelling gauntlets only when a visible enemy moves into a square adjacent to you. That enemy must attempt a DC 17 Reflex save; if this fails, it is immediately pushed 5 feet away from you and it loses any remaining movement allowed in that action (though it can use additional actions to move farther). 
For example, if a wolf (speed 50 feet) moved 30 feet into a square adjacent to you, and it failed its save against the effect, you would push it 5 feet away from you in any direction and it would lose the remaining 20 feet of that move action. It could then use another move action, if it still had one, to close the remaining distance. If the wolf were charging, its entire full-round action would be wasted. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Bigby's interposing hand. Cost to Create: 1,150 gp, 92 XP, 3 days. 
RETRIBUTIVE AMULET 
Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

This inch-wide disk bears a large red crystal in its center. Tiny carvings around the crystal show an endless march of angels and demons at war. 
You can activate a retributive amulet imme­diately after another creature has dealt damage to you with a melee attack. That creature takes damage equal to half the damage it dealt to you. This damage is of the same type (or types). 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, shield other. Cost to Create: 4,600 gp, 360 XP, 9 days. 
RIDING BOOTS Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) Body Slot: Feet Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 2 lb. 
These calf-high boots are made of smooth, supple leather and have pointed toes. They are unadorned except for a pair of shining, silver spurs that seem to leave a tracery of light behind them. 
Riding boots react to your mount and cor­rect it when necessary, almost without your guidance. While mounted, you gain a +5 competence bonus on Ride checks made during combat, plus the benefit of the Ride-By Attack feat, even if you lack the prerequisites for it. In addition, if you have the Spirited Charge feat, any charge attacks you make while mounted and wielding a lance deal X4 damage on a criti­cal hit (instead of the normal X3). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Ride-By Attack, cat's grace. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
RING OF ADAMANTINE TOUCH 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

Three strips of adamantine form this simple band. The inner strip has a brushed metal finish, while the outer strips are polished to a shine. 
While you wear this ring, your melee attacks (whether natural or with a weapon) are treated as adamantine for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, touch of adal mantine (BoED 110). Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
RING OF ANTIVENOM 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: — 

A tiny, speckled mushroom grows from the tip of this granite ring. 
Once per day, you can activate the ring to gain the benefit of a neutralize poison effect. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, neutralize poison. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
RING OF ARCANE MIGHT 
Price (Item Level): 20,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: Ring 

Caster Level: 8th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) no school 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This bronze ring is forged in the shape of a serpent devouring its own tail. 
While wearing a ring of arcane might, you gain a +1 bonus to your arcane caster level for the purpose of spell penetra­tion checks, caster level checks, and all level-based variables of any arcane spells 
you cast. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, limited wish. Cost to Create: 10,000 gp, 1,100 XP, 
20 days. 
RING OF ARMING 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: — 

This perfectly smooth adamantine ring bears a massive turquoise carved in the shape of a heavily armored knight. 
When you activate a ring of arming, any armor or weapons you currently wear disappear and are stored magically within the ring, and any armor or weapons cur­rently stored within the ring appear in the appropriate places on your body (items that must be held appear at your feet if you don't have free hands). 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, shrink item. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 

RING OF AVOIDANCE Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Ring Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) abjuration Activation: Standard (command) Weight: — 
This solid gold ring is set with emeralds that run all around the outside of its band. 
A ring of avoidance protects you with a nearly impassable shield of invisible force. Three times per day, upon activating the ring, you gain a +20 deflection bonus to Armor Class that lasts until the beginning of your next turn. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, shield. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
RING OF BRIEF BLESSING 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command); see text 
Weight: — 
The clear crystal set into this silver ring glows faintly with a holy light. 
A ring of brief blessing, which functions only if you are good-aligned, allows your attacks to pierce the defenses of evil foes. When you activate this ring, choose a single melee weapon you hold (or your unarmed strike). Until the end of your turn, that weapon is considered both magic and good-aligned for the purpose of overcoming the damage reduction of an evil creature, as well as for the purpose of affecting incorporeal evil creatures. 
A ring of brief blessing functions once per day. Once it is activated, its glow fades. However, while wearing the ring you can expend a turn undead attempt as a standard (command) action to recharge it (which also restores its glow). 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, bless weapon. 
Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 

RING OF COMMUNICATION 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination 
Activation: Free (mental) 
Weight: — 

Each of these identical silver rings is inscribed with the Draconic word for friendship. 
When you activate a ring of communication, for the next minute you can clearly hear any words spoken by anyone within 1 mile who is wearing another ring of communical tion to which you are attuned. The volume of the speech and the background noise at either end make no difference; whis­pers are audible above even the sounds of combat. 
Any two or more ring wearers need only touch their rings together (a stan­dard action) and speak the command word in unison to attune the rings to each other. Any number of rings can become attuned to one another in this manner, so long as all are touched together at the same time. 
A ring remains attuned to the others 
until you attune it to a different ring. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, detect thoughts. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 

RING OF THE DARKHIDDEN 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) illusion 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
More than a dozen etchings of closed eyes circle this tarnished silver ring. 
You are invisible to darkvision, although 
you are fully visible in normal light. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, invisibility. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
RING OF DIVERGENCE 
Price (Item Level): 18,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) abjuration 
Activation: — and immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 

This hefty ring of twisting metal splits several times and turns back upon itself. 
A ring of divergence provides resistance 10 against a specific type of energy (acid, cold, electricity, fire, or sonic), determined when it is created. 
Once per day, if you are targeted by a spell of 3rd level or lower with the same descriptor as the energy type the ring protects against, you can activate the ring as an immediate action to reflect the spell back at the caster, as if spell turning had been cast upon you. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, resist energy, spell turning. Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 18 days. 

RING OF DRAGON FRIENDSHIP 
Price (Item Level): 16,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: Ring Caster Level: 17th Aura: Strong; (DC 23) enchantment Activation: — or standard (command) Weight: Varies 
This silver ring is forged in the shape of a dragon biting its own tail. 
While wearing a ring of dragon friendship, you gain a +5 enhancement bonus on Diplomacy checks made to influence the attitudes of creatures of the dragon type. 
In addition, once per day, you can acti­vate the ring to produce a suggestion effect directed at a creature of the dragon type. The effect functions as a 9th-level spell (as if affected by the Heighten Spell feat), and its Will save DC is 23. 
If you or one of your allies attacks a dragon in any way (including using the ring's suggestion power) while you wear the ring, it loses its powers for 24 hours, though any active suggestion effect contin­ues working while the ring is inactive. 

Prerequisites: Forge Ring, Heighten Spell, dominate monster, suggestion. Cost to Create: 8,000 gp, 640 XP, 16 days. 
RING OF ENTROPIC DEFLECTION 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration 
Activation: —; see text 
Weight: — 

This platinum ring is set with a large, hypnotic white opal. 
A ring of entropic deflection provides a 
mobile wearer with protection against 
ranged attacks. At the end of any turn, 
if you are at least 10 feet from the point 
where you started your turn, this ring 
creates a field of warping energy that lasts 
until the start of your next turn. This field 
functions as an entropic shield spell. Any 
ranged attacks directed at you that require 
an attack roll have a 20% miss chance. 
This is a continuous effect and requires 
no activation. 
If you also wear a magic item that 
provides a bonus to your speed, the miss 
chance provided by the ring increases 
to 50%. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, entropic shield. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
RING OF ESSENTIA 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This plain silver hand is set with a small sapl phire, which shimmers faintly when invested with essentia. 
Any creature that has an essentia pool can transfer 1 point of essentia from its pool into a ring of essentia simply by touching it and willing the transfer to occur (a stan­dard action). Doing so reduces the size of the donor's essentia pool by 1. The ring can hold no more than 1 point of essentia. 
At any time within the next 24 hours, you can use this essentia as if it were part of your own essentia pool—even if you don't have essentia of your own—simply by will­ing its release while you wear the ring. 
The stored essentia returns to its origi­nal owner automatically after you use it, or after 24 hours if it remains unused. Alternatively, the donor of the stored essentia can reclaim it earlier by touch­ing the ring and willing it to return (a standard action). 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, essentia pool, soul boon (MoI 104). Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
RING OF FLOATING Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Ring Caster Level: 1st Aura: Faint; (DC 15) transmutation Activation: — Weight: — 
A scene of a shattered ship and wooden debris 
floating on the waves covers this thick driftl wood band. 
You float upon any liquid or similar sur­face, and cannot swim below the surface, if you are underwater when you put on a ring of floating, you rise toward the surface at a speed of 30 feet per round. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, float (EPH 108). Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
RING OF THE FORCEWALL 
Price (Item Level): 5,100 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: — 

This ring is carved from clear quartz and is engraved with complex magic sigils. 
A ring of the forcewall creates a small, 
nigh-impenetrable barrier. This ring has 
3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges cre­ates a 10-foot-square vertical wall of force (as the spell) up to 30 feet away from you. The number of charges spent determines the duration of the wall. 
1 charge: 2 rounds. 2 charges: 3 rounds. 3 charges: 4 rounds. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, wall of force. Cost to Create: 2,550 gp, 204 XP, 6 days. 

RING OF FOUR WINDS Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Ring Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation Activation: Immediate (command) Weight: — 
Four clouds, each a different shade of green or blue, adorn this simple wooden ring. The faces of four old men puffing up their cheeks are also carved into the sides. 
When you activate a ring of the four winds, it creates gusts of wind that grant you a +2 deflection bonus to AC against a single attack. 
Alternatively, you can activate it to use 

a feather fall effect on yourself. This ring functions a total of four times 
per day. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, feather fall, gust 
of wind, shield of faith. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
RING OF GREATER COUNTERSPELLS 
Price (Item Level): 16,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 15th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 22) abjuration 
Activation: — and immediate 
(command) 
Weight: — 

This white gold ring is forged in a braided patl tern. A single ruby set in its center flickers and pulses with magical energy. 
A ring of greater counterspells can hold a spell of 1st through 6th level, much like a ring of counterspells. You cannot cast a stored spell out of the ring, but should that spell ever be cast upon you, it is immediately coun­tered, as a counterspell action, requiring no action (or even knowledge) on your part. This use causes the ruby stone to flash once and uses up the stored spell. Once it is gone, a new spell (or the same one as before) can be placed into the ring. 
If you are a spellcaster capable of coun­tering a spell on your own, you can also access the ring's secondary ability. Once per day as an immediate action, you can attempt to counter a single spell cast by a spellcaster you can see, provided he is within 100 feet. Like the ring's other ability, this one requires no preparation or knowledge on your part. You need not make a Spellcraft check to identify the spell being cast, and the spell you use to counterspell can be of any level. This counterspell attempt functions like greater dispel magic used to counter a spell, except that you add your caster level to the coun­terspell check (maximum +20). Thus, a 12th-level wizard wearing a ring of greater counterspells would roll 1d20+12 when acti­vating this ability. When you activate this secondary effect, the braids of white gold seem to twist and writhe on your finger, and the metal glows faintly is if it were growing hot, although you feel no heat. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, greater dispel magic, imbue with spell ability. Cost to Create: 8,000 gp, 640 XP, 16 days. 

RING OF THE ICY SOUL Price (Item Level): 18,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: Ring Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — Weight: — 
There seems to be little physical substance to this ring. It resembles a fine, circular sliver of fragile ice surrounded by a blue-white mist of incredible cold. 
You gain resistance to cold 20, but you also gain vulnerability to fire and lose any resistance or immunity to fire you already have. You take 1-1/2 times the normal amount of damage from fire, regardless of whether a saving throw is allowed, or if the save is a success or a failure. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, mantle of the icy soul (SC 138). Cost to Create: 9,000 gp, 720 XP, 18 days. 

RING OF LIGHTNING FLASHES 
Price (Item Level): 11,500 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: — 

This ring is crafted from interwoven bands of copper and electrum. 
When you activate a ring of lightning flashes, it emits a powerful blast of lightning that deals 5d6 points of electricity damage (Reflex DC 13 half) to all creatures within 5 feet (other than yourself). Any creature that is in physical contact with you at the time (grappling, engulfing, swallowing, or the like) receives no saving throw against the blast. 
This ability functions three times per 
day. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, lightning bolt. Cost to Create: 5,750 gp, 460 XP, 
12 days. 
RING OF MASTER ARTIFICE 
Price (Item Level): 25,000 (15th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 14th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 22) no school 
Activation: —; see text 
Weight: — 
These thin, interlocking rings are made of difl 
ferent metals, including silver, adamantine, 
mithral, and platinum. 
A ring of master artifice functions only if you can imbue infusions (see the EBERRON Campaign Setting). Assembling the ring from its various components requires 5 minutes and a successful DC 22 Intelli­gence check, which you can attempt any number of times. Once assembled, a ring of master artifice must be worn for 24 hours for its magic to take effect. After that time, you gain the ring's benefit every time you concentrate to regain your daily allotment of infusions. 
The ring increases the number of infu­sions you can imbue daily. A ring of master artifice provides one bonus 3rd-level infu­sion and one bonus 4th-level infusion. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring. Cost to Create: 12,500 gp, 1,000 XP, 25 days. 
RING OF MASTER ARTIFICE, GREATER 
Price (Item Level): 61,000 (18th) 
Caster Level: 16th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 23) no school 
Several interlocking rings of many different metals—including adamantine, gold, and mithral—seem to thrum faintly with power. 
This item functions as a ring of master artifice, except a greater ring provides you with one bonus 5th-level infusion and one bonus 6th-level infusion (instead of one bonus 3rd-level infusion and one bonus 4th-level infusion). 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring. Cost to Create: 30,500 gp, 2,440 XP, 61 days. 
Ring of master artifice 
RING OF MASTER ARTIFICE, LESSER 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Caster Level: 12th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 21) no school 
This item functions as a ring of master artifice, except a lesser ring provides you with one bonus 1st-level infusion and one bonus 2nd-level infusion (instead of one bonus 3rd-level infusion and one bonus 4th-level infusion). 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
RING OF MYSTIC DEFIANCE 
Price (Item Level): 7,500 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
and — 
Weight: — 


This white gold ring bears a square-cut ruby. Arcane runes are inscribed around its band. 
A ring of mystic defiance protects you from damaging magical effects. When you acti­vate the ring, you ignore up to 10 points of damage dealt by a spell or spell-like ability. You can activate the ring after you learn the damage a spell or spell-like ability will deal to you, but before the damage is actually dealt. This ability functions three times per day. 
This ability does not protect you from other magical effects (such as those generated by magic items, unless they specifically mimic spells). For example, the ring wouldn't protect you from the extra damage dealt by a flaming sword, but it would protect you from a fireball cast from a scroll, wand, or other item. 
If you also wear a magic item that grants an enhancement bonus to your Intelligence or Charisma, you can add half that item's bonus as an insight bonus on your Fortitude saves against spells and spell-like abilities (up to a maximum bonus of +3). This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, spell immunity. Cost to Create: 3,750 gp, 300 XP, 8 days. 
RING OF MYSTIC FIRE 
Price (Item Level): 7,500 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation 
Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This silver ring seems to smolder with an inner heat. 
A ring of mystic fire provides a boost to your fire-based spells. When casting spells with the fire descriptor, you gain a +1 competence bonus to caster level. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, this ring has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants a bonus to the amount of damage you deal with the next fire spell you cast before the end of your turn. (If the fire spell doesn't nor­mally deal fire damage, this expenditure has no effect). 
1 charge: +2d6 fire damage. 2 charges: +3d6 fire damage. 3 charges: +4d6 fire damage. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, fireball or 
flame strike. 
Cost to Create: 3,750 gp, 300 XP, 8 days. 

RING OF MYSTIC HEALING 
Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration 
Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This steel ring glimmers with a faint golden light. 
A ring of mystic healing provides a boost to your healing spells. When casting cure spells, you gain a +1 competence bonus to your caster level. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, this ring has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants a bonus to the damage healed by the next cure spell you cast before the end of your turn. 
1 charge: +2d6 points of healing. 2 charges: +3d6 points of healing. 3 charges: +4d6 points of healing. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, cure serious 

wounds. Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 4 days. 
RING OF MYSTIC LIGHTNING 
Price (Item Level): 7,500 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 9th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation 
Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: — 
This copper ring occasionally emits tiny sparks. 
A ring of mystic lightning provides a boost to your electricity-based spells. When cast­ing spells with the electricity descriptor, you gain a +1 competence bonus to caster level. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, this ring has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants a bonus to the damage dealt by the next electric­ity spell you cast before the end of your turn. (If the spell doesn't normally deal electricity damage, this expenditure has no effect). 
1 charge: +2d6 electricity damage. 2 charges: +3d6 electricity damage. 3 charges: +4d6 electricity damage. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, call lightning 

or lightning bolt. Cost to Create: 3,750 gp, 300 XP, 8 days. 
RING OF NEGATIVE 
PROTECTION 
Price (Item Level): 36,000 gp (17th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This gleaming, white gold ring is set with a single piece of polished jet. 
You can ignore the 1d6 points of damage dealt by negative-dominant planes, such as the Negative Energy Plane, each round. You also cannot gain negative levels. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, protection from negative energy (LM 70). Cost to Create: 18,000 gp, 1,440 XP, 36 days. 
RING OF NINE LIVES 
Price (Item Level): 45,000 gp (17th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) no school 
Activation: — and immediate 

(command) 
Weight: — 

The stylized face of a contemplative cat adorns this ivory ring. Two tiny emeralds glimmer within the cat's eyes. 
If you ever drop to 0 hit points or below, a ring of nine lives expends one of its charges to heal 20 points of damage. This effect triggers automatically, requiring no action on your part. 
Also, once per day as an immediate action, you can expend a charge when you fail a saving throw to treat the saving throw as a success. 
A ring of nine lives has 9 charges when created, but most are discovered with only 2d4 charges left. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, heal, limited wish. Cost to Create: 22,500 gp, 1,800 XP, 45 days. 
RING OF PIERCING SPELLS 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
This blood-red, metallic signet ring bears the emblem of a black skull with wands crossed beneath it. 
A ring of piercing spells allows you to deal additional damage with your spells against a nearby, distracted target. When you acti­vate this ring, the next melee touch spell you cast against an enemy you are flank­ing deals an extra 2d6 points of damage. Touch spells that don't normally deal hit point damage don't gain any benefit from this ability, if you don't cast a touch spell that deals hit point damage before the end of your turn, you gain no benefit from the ring. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, inflict moderate wounds, sneak attack. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 

RING OF POSITIVE PROTECTION 
Price (Item Level): 36,000 gp (17th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This plain black iron ring is set with a single perfect diamond. 
You can ignore the blinding effect of posi­tive-dominant planes, such as the Positive Energy Plane. You also do not gain the fast healing ability usually conferred by such a plane, nor do you gain additional hit points when you reach your normal maximum. 
Furthermore, spells that channel posi­tive energy—typically cure spells—have no effect on you. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, protection from positive energy (LM 70). Cost to Create: 18,000 gp, 1,440 XP, 36 days. 

RING OF SELF-SUFFICIENCY 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
This fragile, crystal ring is pale green and etched in a swirling pattern that appears to move constantly. 

You gain a +10 competence bonus on Auto-hypnosis checks. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, Autohypnosis (EPH 36) 10 ranks. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
RING OF SILENT SPELLS 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) illusion 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
Sculpted teeth surround the soft silk padding of this copper hand, like a mouth biting down on a gag. 
When you activate a ring of silent spells, it 
creates a silence effect, as the spell, cen­
tered on you. While this effect lasts, you 
can cast up to three spells of 3rd level 
or lower without verbal components 
(as though using the Silent Spell feat, 
except that the spells do not require a 
higher level spell slot or increased cast­
ing time). 
This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, Silent Spell, 
silence. 
Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
RING OF SOULBOUND PROTECTION 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 6th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

Ring of water 
breathing 

This sturdy hand of mithral is set with tiny sapphires. 
While wearing a ring of soulbound protecl tion, you gain a +1 deflection bonus to AC. In addition, the ring serves as a receptacle for your essentia, much like a soulmeld does. Every point of essentia invested in the ring increases its deflection bonus to AC by 1 (up to a maximum bonus of +3). 
Each ring of soulbound protection has an essentia capacity. The maximum number of essentia points that can be invested in it equals this value or your normal essentia capacity (MoI 19), whichever is lower. 
A ring of soulbound protection (set with two sapphires) has a maximum essentia capacity of 2. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, shield of faith, essentia pool 2. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
RING OF SOULBOUND PROTECTION, GREATER 
Price (Item Level): 26,000 gp (16th) 
Caster Level: 18th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 24) abjuration 
Crafted of braided mithral, this finely crafted ring is studded with perfect sapphires. 
This item functions as a ring of soulbound protection, except the maximum bonus to AC you can gain with this ring is +5 instead of +3. A greater ring of soulbound protection (set with four sapphires) has a maximum essentia capacity of 4. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, shield of faith, essentia pool 4. Cost to Create: 13,000 gp, 1,040 XP, 26 days. 
Ring of forcewall 

RING OF SPELL-BATTLE 
Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) Body Slot: Ring Caster Level: 14th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) abjuration 
Activation: — and immediate (mental) Weight: — 
This simple gold band looks like a tiny armored girdle set with small spheres of silver. 
A ring of spell-battle informs you of all spell­casting that occurs within 60 feet of you, as well as allowing you to attempt a Spell­craft check (DC 15 + spell level) to identify the spell being cast (even if you can't see its casting or effect). This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Once per day, when you succeed in identifying a spell in this manner, you can activate the ring to counterspell that spell as if with dispel magic, or change the target of the spell to any target within 60 feet of you. If you choose an illegal target (because of the spell's range limitation or other restrictions), the spell functions normally and the effect is wasted. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, detect magic, dispel magic, spell turning, Spellcraft 10 ranks. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
RING OF THUNDERCLAPS 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation 
Activation: See text 
Weight: — 

Ring of the darkhidden 
Ring of thunderclap This ring is carved from a single piece of lapis lazuli and has a lightning bolt etched along its rim. 
You can activate this ring as a swift (com­mand) action to make a melee touch attack before the end of your turn that deals 1d8+5 points of electricity damage if successful. This ability functions three times per day. 
Once per day, upon successfully using the ring to damage a target, you can acti­vate a second ability of the ring as a free (command) action to create a powerful thunderclap that mimics a shout spell. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, shocking grasp, shout. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
RING OF UNIVERSAL ENERGY RESISTANCE 
Price (Item Level): 60,000 gp (18th) 
(minor); 120,000 gp (21st) (major); 
180,000 gp (24th) (greater) 

Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 15th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 22) abjuration 
Activation: — 

Weight: — 
This gold ring is imprinted with symbols repl resenting the five energy types. 
A ring of universal energy resistance func­tions as a ring of energy resistance (DMG 232) for all types of energy: fire, cold, electric­ity, acid, and sonic. A minor ring provides resistance 10, a major ring resistance 20, and a greater ring resistance 30. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, resist energy. 

Cost to Create: 30,000 gp, 2,400 XP, 60 days (minor); 60,000 gp, 4,800 XP, 120 days (major); 90,000 gp, 7,200 XP, 180 days (greater). 
RING OF VANISHING Price (Item Level): 30,000 gp (16th) Body Slot: Ring Caster Level: 12th Aura: Moderate; (DC 21) illusion Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
This object is a featureless, clear glass ring. 
A ring of vanishing allows you to briefly become almost entirely imperceptible. When you activate this ring, you become invisible (as greater invisibility), as well as undetectable by hearing, scent, blind­sense, blindsight, or tremorsense, for 2 
Robe of arcane might 
rounds. Spells or effects that detect invis­ible creatures (such as see invisibility or true seeing) still function normally. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, greater invisibility. Cost to Create: 15,000 gp, 1,200 XP, 30 days. 

RING OF VENGEANCE Price (Item Level): 4,500 gp (9th) Body Slot: Ring Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) abjuration Activation: — Weight: — 
Seven small half-spheres rise from the shining, reflective surface of this golden ring. 
A ring of vengeance glows softly when worn 
by a good-aligned creature. Nongood crea­
tures gain no benefit from the ring. 
Whenever a creature scores a critical hit on you with a melee weapon, this ring unleashes an arc of divine energy that deals 5d6 points of damage to the creature that scored the critical hit. This ability functions three times per day. 
Lore: Originally given by archons to their mortal champions in the lost ages of the world, the oldest of these rings were ancient when the elves first began 
to record their histories. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, vengeance halo (BoED 111), good alignment. Cost to Create: 2,250 gp, 180 XP, 5 days. 

RING OF WATER BREATHING 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Ring 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This silver ring is shaped to depict a fish biting its own tail. The fish has tiny emeralds for eyes. 
While wearing this ring, you can breathe freely underwater. This has no effect on your ability to breathe air. 
Prerequisites: Forge Ring, water breathing. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 

RINGS OF FORCE ARMOR 
Price (Item Level): 30,000 gp (16th) 
Body Slot: Ring; see text 
Caster Level: 9th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
Each of these black iron rings is set with smooth pieces of jet all around its band. 
This pair of black iron rings must be worn as a set, one on each hand, to function. When so worn, they sheathe you in a field of magical force, granting you a +5 armor bonus to AC. This bonus applies even against incorporeal touch attacks. The sheath is harmful to the touch, dealing ld4 points of force damage to any creature that successfully strikes you with a non­reach weapon. In addition, your unarmed strikes deal an extra 1d4 points of damage and can affect incorporeal creatures as if they were force effects. 

Prerequisites: Forge Ring, mage armor, magic weapon, wall of force. Cost to Create: 15,000 gp, 1,200 XP, 30 days. 
ROBE OF ARCANE MIGHT 
Price (Item Level): 21,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 
Mystical sigils line the hems of this bulky, thick-shouldered robe. Minuscule gems adorn the cuffs, collar, and hems. 
A robe of arcane might grants you a +4 armor bonus to AC. 
In addition, each robe is attuned to one of the eight schools of magic, chosen during creation (and identifiable with a successful DC 20 Spellcraft check). When casting a spell from that school, you gain a +1 competence bonus to your caster level. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, mage armor, specialist wizard in the rel­evant school. 
Cost to Create: 10,500 gp, 840 XP, 21 days. 
ROBE OF THE INFERNO Price (Item Level): 37,000 gp (17th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) abjuration, evocation Activation: See text Weight: 1 lb. 
The coal-colored cloth of this robe is decorated with crimson-stitched runes. The runes run around the bottom and up the length of the garl ment in meandering lines, and are a mixture of arcane formulas and praises to fire written in Ignan. The robe emits a faint odor of brimstone, and a gentle warmth surrounds it. 
While you wear this robe, it provides you with a +4 armor bonus to AC. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
The robe can also be activated as a swift (command) action by speaking a word in Ignan that causes four fiery orbs, each about 6 inches in diameter, to spring from the sleeves. They circle slowly around your body at waist height as long as the robe remains active, but don't interfere with your actions in any way. As long as they are active, they collectively provide light equal to that of a torch and grant you resistance to fire 10. 
Two times per day, you can send one of the fiery orbs streaking toward a single enemy within 60 feet as a ranged touch attack, which is a standard (command) action. Failure means the orb misses and explodes harmlessly in a shower of sparks. Success means it explodes in a 5-foot­radius burst around the target, dealing 8d6 points of fire damage and leaving affected creatures dazzled for 1 round (Reflex DC 16 halves the damage and negates the dazzled condition). 
Lore: The first robe of the inferno was crafted by an elf evoker named Killaith Marcaun, who was badly burned in a battle against a large number of summoned thoqqua. Deeply humiliated by the scars 
Robe of the inferno Robe of mysterious conjuration Robe of retaliation 
they left, she constructed the robe so that she, too, could harness the power of fire (Knowledge [arcana or history] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, mage armor, resist energy, scorching ray. Cost to Create: 18,500 gp, 1,480 XP, 37 days. 
ROBE OF MYSTERIOUS CONJURATION 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This robe seems to have depth, as if you were gazing into a portal between worlds, where vague behemoths move at the limit of your vision. 
A robe of mysterious conjuration intensifies your connection to other planes, linking your mind to the distant realms from which a puissant mage can pluck servants and bind them to his will. 
Three times per day, you can activate the robe and sacrifice a prepared arcane spell (or arcane spell slot) to summon one or more monsters, as if you had cast a summon monster spell of the same level as the sacrificed spell from your class spell list. The summoned monsters can act immediately. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, summon monster V. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
ROBE OF 
RETALIATION 
Price (Item Level): 6,500 gp (10th) 

Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 7th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 
An image of a solar eclipse with a blazing corona can be seen on the back of this heavy red robe. 
A robe of retaliation allows you to react 
to attacks with a burst of magical 
power. If you are struck by a creature 
wielding a melee weapon or a natural 
weapon, you can activate the robe and 
sacrifice an arcane spell of 1st level or 
higher to deal damage to your attacker 
Rogue's vest 

equal to ld6 points per level of the spell sacrificed. This ability functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, fire shield. 
Cost to Create: 3,250 gp, 260 XP, 7 days. 
Desperation chain Healing belt 
ROCK BOOTS 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) conjuration 
Activation: — and free (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Made from heavy leather, these boots have solid iron plating along the toes and ankles. A smoky crystal shard is set into the back of each boot, a few inches above the heel. 
Rock boots feel rigid, though they do not significantly impede movement. They grant you a +4 bonus on Strength checks made to resist being bull rushed or tripped when standing on the ground. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When activated, rock boots allow you to ignore any additional movement costs for moving over difficult terrain for 1 round. This effect functions five times per day. 
Prerequisites: Bind Elemental (ECS 51) or Craft Wondrous Item, planar binding. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 

ROGUE'S VEST Price (Item Level): 18,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 13th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) divination Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This slick-looking black vest is made of supple, well-worked leather. Its buttons are carved of dull black glass and seem to absorb light rather than reflect it. 
While wearing this vest, you gain a +2 com­petence bonus on Hide and Move Silently checks, and a +2 competence bonus on Reflex saves. In addition, if you have the 
skirmish, sneak attack, or sudden strike ability, you deal an extra 1d6 points of damage when making such an attack. 
Lore: A halfling arcane trickster named Lena Wanderingeye created the first rogues vest. She wore it for many years before she retired from adventuring and joined a caravan. She eventually passed 
the secret of its creation on to the arcane spellcasters in the caravan (Knowledge [arcana or history] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cat's grace, invisibility, true strike. Cost to Create: 9,000 gp, 720 XP, 18 days. 
Ruby cincture of immutability 

RUBY CINCTURE OF IMMUTABILITY 
Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Waist 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) abjuration 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: — 
This sumptuous red silk sash is feather-light. It is set with a large ruby cabochon surrounded by an embroidered silver circle. 
Wearing a ruby cincture of immutability pro­vides you with a safeguard against attacks that change your form. Once per day, you can instantly counter any effect that would significantly change your bodily form or composition. Effects that the sash protects against include polymorph, petrification, disintegration, and transformative effects such as the touch of an aboleth's tentacle or a chaos beast's attack. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, break enchantment. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
SAFEWING EMBLEM Price (Item Level): 250 gp (2nd) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: Immediate (mental) Weight: — 
This porcelain pin is sculpted to look like a pair of outstretched white wings. A tiny green stone adorns the center, where the wings meet. 
If you fall at least 10 feet, a safewing emblem becomes a pair of feathery wings that grant you a feather fall effect, allowing you to descend safely from any height up to 180 feet. When you land, the emblem shatters, its magic expended. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
featherfall. 
Cost to Create: 125 gp, 10 XP, 1 day. 

SANDALS OF SPRINGING 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

The laces of these well-made sandals are bound at the calf by a silver clasp inset with a large, smooth, hemispherical blue crystal. 
Sandals of springing grant you a +10 enhancement bonus on Jump checks. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, jump or mighty spring (CP 93). Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
SANDALS OF SPRINTING 
Price (Item Level): 2,300 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 
These lightweight sandals are soled with tanned cheetah hide, and the straps are made of dried, braided sinew. 
When you activate sandals of sprinting, you gain a +30-foot enhancement bonus to your land speed (to a maximum of twice your normal speed) until the start of your next turn. 
This ability functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, expeditious retreat. Cost to Create: 1,150 gp, 92 XP, 3 days. 
SCARAB OF INVULNERABILITY 
Price (Item Level): 40,000 gp (17th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 15th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 22) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
This broad adamantine necklace bears a scarab of the same metal, polished to a mirl rorlike sheen. 
A scarab of invulnerability provides you with brief but complete protection from all forms of damage. For 1 round after activating the scarab, you are immune to all forms of damage (including ability damage), whether from weapons, spells, psionic powers, poison, environmental effects, or any other cause. The scarab doesn't protect you from harmful effects that don't deal damage. 
A scarab of invulnerability functions once per day. You must wear a scarab of invulnerl ability for 24 hours before you can access its abilities. If it is taken off, it becomes inac­tive until worn for an additional 24 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, iron body. Cost to Create: 20,000 gp, 1,600 XP, 40 days. 
SCARAB OF 
STABILIZATION 
Price (Item Level): 20,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This solid gold scarab has obsidian chips for eyes. Glyphs of protection and health are carved into its carapace. A button at the base of its abdomen makes its legs clench or release, allowing it to be worn as a cloak clasp or a decorative piece of jewelry. 
If your hit points drop below 0 but you are still alive (above -1 0 hit points), a scarab of stabilization automatically stabilizes you. You are still unconscious from your wounds, but you need not make a stabiliza­tion check each round to prevent further hit point loss. If another wound causes your hit points to drop lower, the scarab automatically stabilizes you again at your new hit point total, provided that it is still between -1 and -9. 
If a wound would drop you to -1 0 hit points or lower, the secondary power of the scarab activates automatically. You do not die, but your hit point total becomes -1 , and you automatically stabilize. This power functions only once—the scarab crumbles into dust as soon as this abil­ity is used. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, conl tingency, cure light wounds. Cost to Create: 10,000 gp, 800 XP, 20 days. 

SCENTBLINDER 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) illusion 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This battered pouch of rough burlap dangles from a tattered cord. A strong aroma of herbs and vegetable decay emanates through the fabric. 
A scentblinder masks your odor, making the scent ability ineffective against you. Creatures cannot track you or detect your location by scent. It also masks the effect of extraordinary, spell-like, and supernatu­ral abilities that you possess that are based on scent, such as a troglodyte's stench. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, persistent image. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 

SCOUT'S HEADBAND Price (Item Level): 3,400 gp (8th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) divination Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: — 
This tattered strip of cloth is strangely resill ient, and when you hold it, elven runes appear along its length. 
A scout's headband grants you a +2 com­petence bonus on Spot checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, this circlet has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges enhances your visual acuity as described below. 
1 charge: You gain darkvision out to 60 feet for 1 hour. 
2 charges: You can see invisible crea­tures and objects (as see invisibility) for 10 minutes. 
3 charges: You gain true seeing (as the spell) for 1 minute. 
Lore: The runes appearing on the head­band are taken from the Saga of Filix, a great elf scout from long ago (Knowledge [history] DC 10). 
Filix bargained with Corellon for unparalleled powers of vision, but the gift came with a curse: The scout could see the deaths of all his friends as well (Knowledge [history] DC 15). 
Driven nearly mad by the ghostly per­ceptions haunting him, Filix eventually fled society entirely, living out the rest of his long days alone in the wilderness (Knowledge [history] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, see invisibility, darkvision, true seeing. Cost to Create: 1,700 gp, 136 XP, 4 days. 
SCRY SHROUD Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) illusion Activation: — and immediate (mental) Weight: — 
The black lining of this nondescript gray cloak seems to absorb both light and sound. 
While wearing a scry shroud, you gain a +5 competence bonus on saves against divina­tion spells. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Additionally, if you see or otherwise detect a magical sensor created by a scryl ing spell, you can activate the cloak to become invisible (as the invisibility spell) for 10 rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, nondetection, invisibility. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
SEPULCHRAL VEST Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration Activation: Immediate (command) Weight: — 
The smell of fresh graves and decaying lilies clings to this vest. 
Sometimes jokingly dubbed "gravedigger's shirts," these items help characters who battle undead. When activated, a sepulchral vest grants you a +5 sacred bonus on saves against any effect generated by an undead creature for 1 round. 
This ability functions three times per day Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, death ward. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
SHADOW MANIPLE Price (Item Level): 3,700 gp (8th) Body Slot: Arms Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) illusion Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
This wristband seethes with ever-shifting shadl ows. Its touch feels like frozen silk. 
Actually a small rift between the Plane of Shadow and the Material Plane, a shadow maniple allows characters adept at shadow magic to derive healing from their use of such magic. 
When you cast a spell with the shadow descriptor, or whenever you cast a mys­tery (see the shadowcaster class, ToM 111), you can activate the maniple to heal damage equal to the level of the spell or mystery. 
A shadow maniple functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, shadow conjuration or any apprentice mystery. 
Cost to Create: 1,850 gp, 148 XP, 4 days. 
SHADOW VEIL 
Price (Item Level): 16,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This greenish, indistinct robe is designed to envelop the entire body. 
A shadow veil is crafted from the essence of the undead creatures known as shad­ows. While wearing it, you gain a +1 deflection bonus to AC. In addition, while in shadowy areas, you are treated as if you had concealment against crea­tures lacking darkvision, blindsight, or some other sensory ability that does not rely on light. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Knowledge (religion) 5 ranks, create undead. 
Cost to Create: 8,000 gp, 640 XP, 16 days. 
SHIFTWEAVE Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: Swift (mental) Weight: 5 lb. 
This otherwise plain-looking set of clothing seems to have gossamer threads woven ranl domly into the fabric. 
When you activate shiftweave, it changes your garb to resemble any of five specific 
Shirt of angels 

outfits designated during its creation. Shiftweave has no effect on any armor you wear (nor can it mimic armor) and does not change the effect of any magical clothing you wear. 
Lore: Though originally created for wealthy socialites who wanted to avoid wearing the same gown to the gala, shiftweave is also useful to spies and assas­sins (Knowledge [nobility and royalty] DC 10). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, disguise self. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
SHIRT OF ANGELS Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This shirt is composed entirely of soft, white feathers like those from an angel's wings. 
Despite its composition, a shirt of angels is as durable as the sturdiest homespun. This item grants you damage reduction 3/evil. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 

righteous might. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
SHIRT OF BONE Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Shirt of bone 

Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This sturdy cotton shirt has bone stays that reinforce its shape. 
This shirt grants you damage reduction 3/bludgeoning. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days. 
SHIRT OF CHAINS Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This silken shirt is looped with lengths of fine silver chain in an intricate pattern. 
This shirt grants you damage reduction 3/piercing. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days. 
SHIRT OF DEMONSKIN Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This leathery shirt is composed of bits of demon-skin sewn together with a rough stitch. 
Shirt of demonskin 
This shirt grants you damage reduction 3/good. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, righteous might. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 

SHIRT OF THE FEY 
Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This light blue shirt is made of material so fine it seems like gossamer. Embroidery along the neckline and cuffs depicts leaves and flowers. The faint scent of grass envelops it. 
When donned, a shirt of the fey fades away, becoming almost impossible to see. This shirt grants you damage reduction 3/cold iron. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 

SHIRT OF THE INEVITABLE 
Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 10 lb. 

This metal sheath covers the chest and shoulders 

This shirt is actually the metallic chest-plate from one of the constructs of Mechanus—a noble inevitable. It grants you damage reduction 3/chaotic. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, righteous might. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
SHIRT OF IRONSKIN 
Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 10 lb. 

This shirt is made of interlocking iron plates. 
This shirt grants you damage reduction 3/adamantine. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
SHIRT OF THE LEECH 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: — and immediate 

(command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This blood-red, silk shirt looks as though it was tailored to be form-fitting. 
Whenever a healing spell of 4th level or lower is cast within 30 feet of you, you instantly recognize the spell being cast. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
As an immediate action, you can acti­vate a shirt of the leech to gain the effect of any healing spell cast within 30 feet of you, instead of the spell affecting its intended target. If the spell would normally affect more than one creature, you choose which target does not gain the effect. You must have line of sight to both the caster and the target to use this effect. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, mass cure light wounds. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
SHIRT OF THE MOON Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This shirt is made of gleaming, silvery material that feels like cool silk to the touch. 
This shirt grants you damage reduction 3/silver. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
SHIRT OF RESILIENCE 
Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This sturdy leather shirt is laced with a green leather cord. 
This shirt grants you damage reduction 3/magic. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
SHIRT OF SLAADSKIN 
Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This lightweight, brightly colored shirt is made from a rubbery, pebbled hide. 
This shirt is made from the skin of a slaad. It grants you damage reduction 3/lawful. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, righteous might. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
Shirt of the leech Shirt of the fey Shirt of slaadskin 
SHIRT OF THE TREANT 
Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This vest is made of woven leaves and laced with a strong vine. 
The leaves that make up the fabric of this shirt were gathered from living treants. This shirt grants you damage reduction 3/slashing. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days. 
SHROUD OF SCALES Price (Item Level): 24,000 gp (15th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration Activation: — Weight: 10 lb. 
This opaque, reticulated shawl appears to conl tain hundreds of polychromatic dragon scales stitched into its fibers. Deep, flowing sleeves hang from long arm slits cut into the main body of the shawl. 
While wearing a shroud of scales, you can use your arms and hands normally and see through the garment despite its appar­ent opacity. You gain damage reduction 5/magic and are immune to a dragon's frightful presence. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 12,000 gp, 960 XP, 24 days. 
SILKSLICK BELT Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Waist Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: — and swift (mental) Weight: — 
This belt is crafted from a thousand strands of silk, which are dyed the color of midnight. 
A silkslick belt is a boon to burglars and contortionists, but also to anyone who wants to avoid being caught in a tight spot. You can attempt an Escape Artist check to escape from a grapple or pin as a move action (rather than as a standard action). 
This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, once per day, you can acti­vate a silkslick belt to gain a +10 competence bonus on the next Escape Artist check you begin before the end of your next turn. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, grease. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
SKIRMISHER BOOTS 
Price (Item Level): 3,200 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These comfortable boots are made from soft doeskin. 
Scouts (CAd 10) prize skirmisher boots, but any character can use them to increase combat prowess in a mobile battle. You gain a +2 bonus on damage rolls when you make a skirmish attack. This is a con­tinuous effect and requires no activation. A character without the skirmish class feature does not gain this benefit. 
In addition, you can activate skirmisher boots to make a single extra melee or ranged attack using your full base attack bonus. You can only activate this ability if you have already moved at least 10 feet from the space where you started your turn. Move­ment while mounted does not allow you to activate the boots. This benefit does not require the skirmish class feature and can be activated two times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, haste. Cost to Create: 1,600 gp, 128 XP, 4 days. 
SKULL PLAQUE Price (Item Level): 6,200 gp (10th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) enchantment Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 2 lb. 
The image of a grinning skull is engraved upon this ivory amulet. Black enamel inlays form a shield-shaped background. 
Undead creatures take a -2 penalty on attack rolls against the wearer of a skull plaque. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
A skull plaque also has two additional abilities, each of which can be acti­
vated once per day: death knell and detect undead. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, death knell, detect undead, prayer. Cost to Create: 3,100 gp, 248 XP, 7 days. 

SNAKEBLOOD TOOTH 
Price (Item Level): 1,350 gp (5th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration Activation: — and immediate 
(command) 
Weight: — 

This tiny chunk of ivory resembles the fang of a snake. 
When placed into an empty tooth socket, a snakeblood tooth adheres to your jawbone until removed. Placing or removing a tooth requires a standard action. A snake-blood tooth grants you a +5 alchemical bonus on saves against ingested poisons. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, a snakeblood tooth has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges enhances a tooth's protective qualities as described below. 
1 charge: You gain a +5 alchemical bonus on saves against all types of poison for 3 rounds. 
2 charges: You and up to three allies within 10 feet of you gain a +5 alchemi­cal bonus on saves against poison for 3 rounds. 
3 charges: You gain immunity to poison for 1 round. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, neutralize poison. Cost to Create: 675 gp, 54 XP, 2 days. 

SOULSMITE GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: Free (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 
Each of these white steel gauntlets has a smooth cerulean gem mounted on the wrist. 

Soulsmite gauntlets allow a soulborn (MoI 25) to channel the power of a soulmeld into her smite opposition ability. When you use smite opposition, you can select one soulmeld you have shaped. All essen­tia invested in that soulmeld becomes 
uninvested, and you gain an 
additional bonus on your attack 
roll and damage roll equal to 
the essentia that was invested. 
For example, if you were an 8th­level soulborn with 2 essentia 
invested in your impulse boots, 
you could drain that soulmeld 
temporarily to gain an addi­
tional +2 bonus on the attack 
roll and damage roll of your 
smite attack. 

Essentia drained from a soul­
meld in this way returns to 
your essentia pool and can be 
invested again as normal. 

Chakra Bind (Hands): If 
you bind soulsmite gauntlets to 
your hands chakra, you gain 
one additional daily use of your 
smite opposition ability. When 
the gauntlets are bound, the 
gems mounted on them glow 
with soft inner light. See Magic 
of Incarnum for rules on binding 
magic items to your chakras. 

Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous 
Item, essentia pool. 
Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 
3 days. 

SOULSTONE 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: —; see text Weight: — 
This faceted gemstone is the size of a coin and mounted on a golden disk covered in runes and scrollwork. 
Soulstones are boons to all those who chan­nel the power of incarnum (see Magic of Incarnum). When you use the proper command thought, this gem adheres to the center of your forehead (the same command thought causes the soulstone to disengage). While you wear a soulstone, you can bind a soulmeld to your brow chakra, gaining the normal ability granted by such a bind. This effect functions despite the fact that you are currently wearing a magic item in that chakra. This bind is in addition to any binds you are already allowed (though it doesn't let you bind an extra soulmeld to your brow chakra). 
If you are already able to bind soul-melds to your brow chakra, the soulstone instead grants you 1 bonus essentia that can be invested only in a soulmeld bound to your brow chakra. 
If you also wear a magic item that grants an enhancement bonus to your Wisdom, a soulstone also allows you to unshape a soulmeld bound to your brow chakra and immediately reshape another soulmeld, even binding it to your brow chakra if you want. This ability requires a full-round action and functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bind a soulmeld to a chakra, essentia pool. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
SPARE HAND Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) Body Slot: Waist Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 5 lb. 
This strange item consists of an animated arm and three-fingered claw attached to a heavy leather belt reinforced with strips of metal. 
As its most basic function, a spare hand can grasp or carry any object you could normally carry in one hand, freeing your normal hands for other tasks. A spare hand can hold magic items such as wands and rods for easy access, but you cannot acti­vate those items while they are so held. Transferring an item to or from a spare hand is a free action. 
Whenever your spare hand is not carrying an item, you gain a +2 competence bonus on Climb, Escape Artist, and grapple checks. Without further augmentation from an infusion (see below), a spare hand cannot do anything other than hold an item—it cannot wield a weapon, retrieve a stored item, or perform any other task. 
If you power a spare hand with a 1st-level infusion (see the EBERRON Campaign Setting), it gains addi­tional qualities. Once per round, you can command the hand to stow an item or retrieve a stowed item (including a weapon) as a free action. 
If you instead expend a 2nd-level infusion, the spare hand gains the above ability and can also hold a buckler or light shield, free­ing your normal hand while still providing a bonus to AC from the shield. You still incur any armor check penalty or other drawbacks of holding the shield, and are sub­ject to normal penalties if you are not proficient with the shield. 
If you expend a 3rd-level infusion, a spare hand gains all the above abilities and becomes capable of wielding a light weapon. You can command a spare hand to make off-hand attacks with this weapon as if you were wielding it. A spare hand attacks using your normal attack modi­fier plus any appropriate penalties for an off-hand attack. 
Using an infusion to power a spare hand requires 10 minutes and the expenditure of an infusion of the appropriate level. An infusion powers a spare hand for 24 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
SPELLMIGHT BRACERS Price (Item Level): 3,300 gp (8th) Body Slot: Arms Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
These finely wrought, black steel bracers are etched with the image of a wand and a staff crossed. Magical runes surround both. 
Spellmight bracers grant you the ability to sacrifice accuracy for damage when cast­ing your spells. When casting a spell that requires a touch attack and that deals hit point damage, 
you can take a 
-5 penalty on the attack roll 
to deal an extra ld6 points of 
damage with the spell. 

A duskblade (PH2 19) can use these bracers when delivering a touch spell through a melee weapon, even if the spell doesn't deal hit point damage. In this case, the weapon (rather than the spell) deals an extra 1d6 points of damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, keen edge. Cost to Create: 1,650 gp, 132 XP, 4 days. 
SPELLSIGHT SPECTACLES 
Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 
These round-rimmed spectacles have blue-tinted lenses and a clear gem set into the joint of each earpiece. 
Spellsight spectacles grant you a +5 compe­tence bonus on Spellcraft checks made to decipher scrolls and Use Magic Device checks made to use scrolls. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, read magic. Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
SPELLSINK SCARAB Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) abjuration Activation: Immediate (command) Weight: ­
Exotic and arcane symbols circumscribe this scarab-shaped brooch. 
You can activate a spellsink scarab when­ever you would take hit point damage from a spell or psionic power. A scarab has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges reduces the damage dealt to you by the spell or power (to a minimum of 0 points of damage). 

1 charge: Reduce damage by 2d6 points. 2 charge: Reduce damage by 3d6 points. 3 charges: Reduce damage by 4d6 points. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, greater dispel magic. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 

STEADFAST BOOTS Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) Body Slot: Feet Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
These thick, heavy boots are reinforced with iron along the sole. 
Steadfast boots help keep you on your feet. You gain a +4 bonus on checks made to avoid being bull rushed, overrun, or tripped. 
Furthermore, as long as you carry a two-handed weapon, you are treated as if you had readied that weapon against any creature that charges you (and thus it deals double damage if your attack is success­

ful), even if the weapon can't normally be set against a charge. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bull's strength. Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 
STORM GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 10,604 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation 
Activation: — and standard 

(command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Ribbons of electricity crackle over these gleaml ing, blue-tinged metal gauntlets. Jagged white bolts arc between the pair, filling the air with the scent of ozone. 
When worn together, this pair of +1 spiked gauntlets grants you resistance to electric­ity 5. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, storm gauntlets have 4 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges allows you to generate a number of electrcity-based effects. 
1 charge: shocking grasp. 2 charges: lightning bolt (Reflex DC 14 half). 
4 charges: electric spheres. These act like flaming spheres, except that you create four spheres of crackling electricity. You can direct any or all of the spheres with the same action. Multiple spheres directed at the same creature deal damage separately (Reflex DC 13 half). These spheres deal electric damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, shocking grasp, lightning bolt. 
Cost to Create: 5,000 gp (plus 604 gp for two masterwork gauntlets), 400 XP, 10 days. 
STRONGARM BRACERS Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) Body Slot: Arms Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
These flexible, blue-green leather armbands are covered with gold studs. 
When wearing strongarm bracers, you can wield weapons as if you were one size category larger than normal. (You don't take any penalty when using weapons as normal for your size.) For example, a human wearing these bracers could wield Large or Medium weapons with­out penalty. 
The effect of these bracers doesn't stack with the powerful build trait (such as that possessed by the half-giant and goliath races). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, enlarge person. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
Surcoat of valor 
SURCOAT OF VALOR Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This is a fine blue linen surcoat, with gold and white trim and a golden dragon rampant emblazoned on the chest. 
If you are a knight (PH2 24), a surcoat of valor grants you various benefits associ­ated with your challenge ability. You can increase the save DC of your knight's challenge by 1. 
If you also wear a magic item that provides a bonus on Will saves (or on all saves), the duration of your knight's chal­lenge increases by 1 round. 
Despite the described appearance, a surcoat automatically changes its colors and image to match your official symbol or heraldry. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, eagle's splendor. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
SURGE CRYSTAL 
Price (Item Level): 18,000 (14th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This leather band holds an indigo crystal that pulses with a vibrant radiance. 
A surge crystal allows you to exceed your normal manifesting limits briefly. A crys­tal has 5 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges increases your manifester level for the next psionic power you manifest in that round. The manifester level boost gives you the ability to augment the power to a higher degree than you otherwise 
could; however, you must still pay the extra power point cost for this augmentation. 1 charge: +1 manifester level. 
3 charges: +2 manifester level. 5 charges: +3 manifester level. The benefit from a surge crystal doesn't 
stack with wild surge or the Overchan¬ nel feat. 
A surge crystal can be activated only after being worn continuously for 24 hours. If it is taken off, it becomes inactive until it is again donned and worn for a full 24 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, wild surge (EPH 31) or Overchannel feat. Cost to Create: 9,000 gp, 648 XP, 18 days. 
SYMBOL OF TRANSFIGURATION 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This holy symbol is warm and radiates a sense of peace and security, as if an angel had been wearing it close to her heart. 
Many good-aligned religions have some especially well-wrought holy symbols that are actually symbols of transfiguration. Three times per day, a symbol of transl figuration allows you to produce a purify food and drink effect. Once per day, you can use align weapon (good only) on any weapon you hold, though the duration is only 1 round. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, align weapon, purify food and drink. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
TABARD OF THE DISEMBODIED [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 20th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This misty gray tabard is silky soft to the touch. It is embroidered with small sequins in a skull motif. 
A tabard of the disembodied is connected to the Ethereal Plane, the realm where ghosts hold sway. Once per day, you can activate this tabard to become ethereal for 1 round, provided that you are neutral evil, lawful evil, chaotic evil, or neutral. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you can activate a tabard of the disembodied to trans­port yourself to the Ethereal Plane (as the ethereal jaunt spell) for up to 10 rounds per day. This duration need not be continuous, and the effect is dismissable with another standard (mental) action. While you are on the Ethereal Plane, the spells you cast affect the Material Plane normally, unlike those of spellcasters who reach the Ethe­real Plane by other means. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Nerull and either sacrifice a 7th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 13 HD. 
Lore: The first of these tabards is said to have been among the burial raiments of Shedlazzar IV, a legendary wizard-king who haunted his castle for decades after his death. His grandson, a noted necromancer in his own right, wrested the secret of the tabard's creation from his ancestor's ghost using an exception­ally cruel torture technique designed to psychically flay the spirit (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, ethereal jaunt. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 

TABARD OF THE GREAT CRUSADE [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 5,500 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) conjuration 
Activation: — and move 

(manipulation); see text 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This silvery tabard is emblazoned with a styll ized sunburst design. 
Because of its association with uncom­mon valor and amazing healing power, a tabard of the great crusade is a welcome sight at any scene of armed conflict. When you wear one of these garments over armor, you and every ally within 20 feet gains a +1 morale bonus on saving throws, provided that you are lawful neutral, lawful good, lawful evil, or neutral. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, a tabard of the great crusade also provides you with damage reduction 5/evil. Furthermore, any ally other than you who grasps the hem of the tabard (a move [manipula­tion] action) can gain the benefit of a heal spell. This ability functions once 
per day. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship St. Cuthbert and either sacrifice an 8th-level divine spell slot or have the 
True Believer feat and at least 15 HD. Lore: Only seven of these tabards are known to exist. Originally made 

for an elite cadre of warrior-healers, they have since been passed down from one battlefield cleric to another (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Tabard of the great crusade 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, heal. Cost to Create: 2,750 gp, 220 XP, 6 days. 

THIRD EYE 
This small hemispherical crystal has a wide, flat facet on one side and a multifaceted dome shape on the other. It sparkles with an inner gleam. 
When you issue the proper command thought (a standard action) to a third eye, it adheres to the center of your forehead (the same command causes the item to disengage). Some third eyes function continuously when worn, while others require activation. 

Third Eye Aware Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) divination Activation: — Weight: — 
This crystal glows with a pale, faint blue light. 
This crystal continually grants you a +10 competence bonus on Spot checks. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Spot 10 ranks. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
Tabard of the disembodied 

Third Eye Clarity 
Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 

This crystal is so clear that it is difficult to see. 
You can activate this crystal to negate any one of the following conditions affect­ing you: confused, dazed, fascinated, or stunned. 
You can activate the eye in response to an effect that would impose one of these conditions (for instance, after failing your save against a monk's Stunning Fist attack but before the stun takes effect). 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, panacea (SC 152). Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days. 
Third Eye Conceal 
Price (Item Level): 120,000 gp (21st) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 15th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) enchantment 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

A bright white light shines from the heart of this crystal, seeming to offer the promise of protection. 
A third eye conceal protects you from view by all devices, spells, or powers that detect, influence, or read emotions or thoughts, as well as those with mind-affecting or scrying descriptors. It even foils bend reality, limited wish, miracle, reality revision, and wish when they are used to affect your mind or to gain information about you (however, metafaculty can pierce the protective quality). In the case of arcane eye, remote viewing, or a scrying spell used to scan an area you are in, the effect works but you simply aren't detected. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, mind blank or psionic mind blank (EPH 119). Cost to Create: 60,000 gp, 4,800 XP, 120 days. 
Third Eye Concentrate Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: — Weight: — 
Glowing with a faint magenta light, this crysl tal draws your eyes into its limitless depths. 
This crystal grants you a +10 competence bonus on Concentration checks. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Concentration 10 ranks. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
Third Eye Dampening 
Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 

This matte black crystal seems to absorb any ambient light, rather than reflect or refract it. 
You can activate a third eye dampening to reduce all variable numeric effects of the next power, psi-like ability, spell, or spell-like ability that affects you to the minimum value (if this power or spell would affect multiple creatures, only you are protected). This protection lasts until the end of your next turn. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dispel magic or damp power (CP 82) Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
Third Eye Dominate Price (Item Level): 120,000 gp (21st) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 17th Aura: Strong; (DC 23) enchantment Activation: Standard (mental) Weight: — 
This yellow, gleaming crystal pulses with hypnotic power. 
A third eye dominate allows you to use dominate monster (as the spell) once per day on any creature within 60 feet (Will DC 23 negates). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dominate monster or psionic dominate (EPH 96). 
Cost to Create: 60,000 gp, 4,800 XP, 120 days. 
Third Eye Expose Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) transmutation Activation: — Weight: — 
Emitting a white glow, this crystal seems to shed light into the deepest shadows. 
This crystal grants you a +5 competence bonus on Sense Motive checks. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sense Motive 5 ranks. Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
Third Eye Freedom 
Price (Item Level): 2,600 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 

This crystal flickers rapidly through a range of reddish hues. 
You can activate a third eye freedom to trig­ger a freedom of movement effect lasting for 1 round. Since this ability suppresses only the effect hindering your movement, you must either find some other method of removing or eliminating the effect, or it will resume after the duration ends. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, free­dom of movement. Cost to Create: 1,300 gp, 104 XP, 3 days. 
Third Eye Gather Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) divination Activation: — Weight: — 
This crystal beams with a deep blue light. 
This crystal grants you a +10 competence bonus on Gather Information checks. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Gather Information 10 ranks. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
Third Eye Improvisation Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination Activation: Swift (mental) Weight: — 
This crystal flickers from one color to the next in the blink of an eye. 
You can activate this crystal to gain a +5 
competence bonus on a single skill check 
for a skill in which you have no ranks. You are treated as being trained in the skill for the purpose of making this check. You must begin the check before the end of your turn to gain this benefit, and the check must be completed within 10 minutes. You can't take 20 on this check (though you can take 10). 
This ability functions once per day Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, guidance. Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 
Third Eye Penetrate Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) no school Activation: — Weight: — 
This crystal glows with a piercing sapphire light. 
A third eye penetrate grants you a +2 bonus on caster level checks to overcome a creature's spell resistance. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, liml ited wish or bend reality (EPH 80). Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
Third Eye Powerthieve Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) enchantment Activation: Standard (mental) Weight: — 
This clear crystal features a faintly glowing emerald-green heart. 
A third eye powerthieve allows you to borrow one power from a psionic target within 40 feet once per day. If the target fails a DC 16 Will save, it instantly loses one power of your choice, and you instantly gain tem­porary knowledge of that power. You can manifest the borrowed power normally if you have sufficient power points to pay its cost. You retain knowledge of the power for up to 70 minutes, at which time you lose knowledge of the power and the former owner regains it, regardless of distance. If the former owner is dead, you still lose the borrowed power. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dominate person or thieving mindlink (EPH 121). 
Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 

Third Eye Repudiate Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 25) abjuration Activation: Immediate (mental) Weight: — 
This crystal emits a powerful azure light. 
A third eye repudiate allows you to use dispel magic (as the spell) once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dispel magic or dispel psionics (EPH 94). Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 

Third Eye Sense Price (Item Level): 24,000 gp (15th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination Activation: Standard (mental) Weight: — 
This bright orange crystal emits a steady inner glow. 
At will, you can activate this crystal to see and hear a distant location. Line of sight or line of effect is not necessary, but the locale must be a place familiar to you or an obvious one, such as behind a door, around a corner, or in a grove of trees. Once the locale has been selected, the focus of your sight does not move, but can be rotated in all directions to view the area as desired. Psionically, magically, or supernaturally enhanced senses cannot be used through this item. If the chosen locale is shrouded in magical or psionic darkness, you see nothing. If it is naturally pitch black, you can see in a 10-foot radius around the center of the effect or out to the extent of your darkvision. This effect does not work across planes. 

Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, scryl ing or clairvoyant sense (EPH 83). Cost to Create: 12,000 gp, 960 XP, 24 days. 
Third Eye Surge 
Price (Item Level): 2,100 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

A pulsing green glow shines from this crystal. 
A third eye surge has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants you an insight bonus on Strength checks, Dexterity checks, Strength- and Dexterity-based skill checks, and weapon damage rolls for 1 round. 
1 charge: +2 insight bonus. 2 charges: +3 insight bonus. 3 charges: +4 insight bonus. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, true 
strike or adrenaline boost (CP 78). Cost to Create: 1,050 gp, 84 XP, 3 days. 
TORC OF DISPLACEMENT 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) illusion 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 
This glass torc is partially silvered. From some angles it is perfectly transparent; from others it reflects like a mirror. 
A torc of displacement allows you to tem­porarily shift your image slightly away from your current location. A torc has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges grants you concealment for 1 round. The effec­tiveness of this concealment (the miss chance provided) varies depending on the number of charges spent. 
1 charge: 20% miss chance. 2 charges: 30% miss chance. 3 charges: 40% miss chance. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
displacement. 
Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 

Torc of power preservation 
TORC OF HEROIC SACRIFICE 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) enchantment 
Activation: Immediate (command) 
Weight: — 

This jet-black torc is crafted in the form of two clasped hands. 
A torc of heroic sacrifice allows you to take an injury meant for your ally. When you activate this torc, you take all the damage dealt to a single ally by a single attack or effect that has just occurred. The damage dealt to you has no type, and therefore ignores any energy resistance, damage reduction, or immunities you might have. The ally must be within 30 feet, and you must have line of sight to that ally 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, greater heroism. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
TORC OF POWER PRESERVATION 
Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 15th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) no school 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

Vampire torc 
Torc of the titans 

This copper neck band is inlaid with gold, silver, and platinum. The inlays take the form of a dragon writhing across the surface of the torc. 
Five times per day, you can manifest a power by paying power points equal to the standard cost minus 1 (minimum 1). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, liml ited wish or bend reality (EPH 80). Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
TORC OF THE TITANS Price (Item Level): 3,300 gp (8th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
Dramatic, but simple, images of clouds and lightning blots cover this thick, golden neck ring. 
When you activate a torc of the titans, you gain a +5 morale bonus on Strength checks, Strength-based skill checks, and melee weapon damage rolls for 1 round. 
This ability functions three times per 
day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
bull's strength. Cost to Create: 1,650 gp, 132 XP, 4 days. 
TOXIC GLOVES Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) Body Slot: Hands Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) necromancy Activation: Swift (mental) Weight: — 
These smooth black leather gloves feel slightly sticky to the touch. 
Toxic gloves allow you to imbue a held weapon with poison without any risk to yourself. When you activate these gloves, choose a single melee weapon you hold. The next attack made with that weapon before the end of your turn also poisons the target (injury; 1d6 Con/1d6 Con; Fort DC 16 negates). 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, poison. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
TRANSPOSER CLOAK Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
This cloak is divided diagonally into two colors. The upper portion is pure white, while the lower is black as night. 
A transposer cloak allows you to switch positions with another creature. When you activate this cloak, you and any one creature within 30 feet swap positions. Both you and the target must occupy the same size of space on the battlefield (for instance, a human could swap places with a dwarf or a goblin, but not with an ogre or a cat). If the other creature is unwilling to trade positions, it is allowed a DC 13 Will save to negate the effect. Each creature can bring along objects weighing up to its maximum load, but additional creatures can't be brought along. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, balel ful transposition (SC 23). Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
TRUE STRIKE GAUNTLETS 
Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) divination 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: — 
These supple leather gauntlets are dyed the color of ivory. 
When you activate true strike gauntlets, you gain a +20 insight bonus on the next attack you make before the end of your next turn. 
This ability functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, true strike. Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 4 days. 

TUNIC OF STEADY SPELLCASTING 
Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This earth-colored tunic is sturdy, though the material is as soft as silk. Around the neck, wrists, and hem are runes of stability stitched in gold thread. 
You gain a +5 competence bonus on Con­centration checks. Despite the name, the tunic's bonus applies on all Concentra­
tion checks, not just those made to cast spells. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bear's endurance. Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
UNICORN PENDANT 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) conjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

A marble unicorn's head with a horn of gold has been sculpted onto the face of this pendant. 
A unicorn pendant has two abilities, each of which can be activated once per day: cure moderate wounds (2d8+10 points of damage) and neutralize poison. 
In addition, if you are a paladin wearing a unicorn pendant, you treat your Cha­risma as 4 points higher than normal for the purpose of your lay on hands ability. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cure moderate wounds, neutralize poison. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 

VAMBRACES OF WARDING 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These golden bracers are engraved with holy sigils. 
Vambraces of warding fit snugly over the arms of any creature that dons them. A good-aligned wearer gains a +2 sacred 
bonus to AC against ranged attacks. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, protection from arrows. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 

VAMPIRE TORC Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) necromancy Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
Tunic of steady spellcasting 

This black iron torc bears a ruby that seems to weep tears of blood. 
A vampire torc allows you to heal your own wounds when you deal damage to an enemy. When you activate this torc, the next successful melee attack you make before the end of your turn also heals you of an amount of damage equal to half the damage your attack dealt. This ability functions equally well regardless of your creature type. If you don't deal damage with a melee attack before the end of your turn, that activation of the torc is wasted. 
This ability functions two times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, vampiric touch. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
VANGUARD TREADS 
Price (Item Level): 3,100 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 

These massive boots have spiked, treaded soles and look large enough to fit a heavily armored ogre. A row of inset amethysts runs around the top cuff. 
Vanguard treads provide you with superior traction and stability, which provides the following effects: 
•	
 You can move through difficult ter­rain (such as rubble, undergrowth, steep slopes, stairs, or snow) at normal speed and without suffering any other impairment. 

•	
 You are unaffected by slippery ice, wet stones, or other surfaces where traction is a problem. 

•	
 You gain a +8 bonus on attempts to resist bull rushes and a +4 bonus on grapple checks to resist a grapple attempt if that grapple would move you into another square. Areas that have been magically manipu­


lated to impede movement (such as by an entangle spell) still affect you, as do water, quicksand, and other nonsolid surfaces. You still have to slow down for narrow paths requiring Balance checks and for surfaces steep enough to require Climb checks. 
If the terrain deals damage (such as the burning ground on the Elemental Plane of Fire), you still take that damage. 
Unicorn pendant 
The massive spikes and treads on the soles of vanguard treads leave a distinc­tive trail. Anyone following you gains a +10 circumstance bonus on Survival and Search checks made to track you. 
Lore: Ancient giants made the first vanguard treads to aid their scouts in navigating difficult terrain and hazards (Knowledge [arcana] DC 15). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, spider climb. Cost to Create: 1,550 gp, 124 XP, 4 days. 
VANISHER CLOAK Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) illusion Activation: Standard (mental) Weight: 1 lb. 
This silk cloak is seamless—a single sheet of gossamer, gray fabric. 
A vanisher cloak allows you and nearby allies to briefly disappear from sight. A cloak has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges turns you (and perhaps one or more allies) invisible, as the invisibility spell, for 1 or more rounds. 
1 charge: You become invisible for 4 rounds. 2 charges: You and one adjacent ally become invisible for 3 rounds. 3 charges: You and up to three adjacent allies become invisible for 2 rounds. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, invisibility. Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
VEIL OF ALLURE Price (Item Level): 14,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — Weight: — 
Dyed in swirls of pink and purple, this semil transparent veil looks like the garb of a sultan's harem dancer. 
A veil of allure increases the save DC of your enchantment spells or spell-like abilities, as well as the Charisma-based save DCs of your extraordinary or supernatural abilities, by 2. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, eagle's splendor. Cost to Create: 7,000 gp, 560 XP, 14 days. 
VEST OF THE ARCHMAGI 
Price (Item Level): 200,000 gp (25th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) no school 
Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 
This gold-brocaded, burgundy garment seems fit to be worn by the gods themselves. 
The vest of the archmagi is legendary. It fills the dreams of every apprentice sent to clean the inkpots and dust the tomes, but rumors of this item are unfounded. Whispering in the bunkrooms of the Academy at night, after the oil lamps are quenched and curfew has long passed, eager apprentices claim that a vest of the archmagi provides its wearer with con­tinuous defensive bonuses equivalent to the most potent bracers of armor (+8 armor bonus to AC) and cloak of resistance (+5 resis­tance bonus on saving throws). 
It is also said that the vest provides its wearer with the continuous ability to overcome the magical defenses of her enemies (+2 enhancement bonus on caster level checks made to overcome spell resis­tance), and that it allows him to recall up to three arcane spells that he had previ­ously prepared and cast (as a pearl of power, except that it can be used for any spell up to 9th level and activating it requires only a swift action). 
Finally, it is suggested, the wearer of the vest of the archmagi could expend a prepared arcane spell or spell slot to heal himself of damage equal to five times the level of the spell so expended. This act requires but a moment's thought (a swift action), and can be repeated as often as desired throughout the day. 
Sadly, these stories obviously have no basis in reality, for such an item would undoubtedly be prized above all others by any mage with the resources to craft one. Of course, as a thing of myth, the vest of the archmagi can't be created. But if it could, it might possibly have the follow­ing prerequisites and costs. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, wish. Cost to Create: 100,000 gp, 8,000 XP, 200 days. 
VEST OF DEFENSE Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
This snug-fitting vest is crafted from the skin of a huge tan-and-black snake. 
A vest of defense improves your ability to dodge attacks. When activated, this vest improves the dodge bonus to AC granted by fighting defensively, the total defense action, or the Combat Expertise feat by 2. Using more than one of these techniques doesn't provide more than a +2 bonus. This bonus lasts for 1 round. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cat's grace. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
VEST OF THE MASTER EVOKER 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 
This black silk vest is heavy with moonstone and jacinth beadwork sewn into arcane patl terns on the back. 
Crackling with power, a vest of the master evoker intensifies arcane evoca­tion spells you cast. Many an ambitious evoker sees gaining this vest as a rite of passage, much like casting his first 
magic missile or fireball, and among elite warmages (CAr 10) it serves as an unparal­leled status symbol. 
Three times per day, you can activate the vest to enhance the next arcane evocation spell you cast before the end of your turn. That spell deals additional damage equal to twice its spell level, and the save DC of the spell increases by 2. This damage is of the same type as normal for the spell (or, if the spell deals more than one type of damage, of any one of those types at your discretion). If the spell doesn't normally deal damage, this use of the vest has no effect. 
In addition, you can apply the effect of any sudden metamagic feat (CAr 83) you know to any evocation spell you cast from a wand or staff as if you were cast­ing the spell yourself. Doing this requires no activation, but uses up that feat's daily 
Vestments of ebonsilk 
use as normal. 

Vest of defense Vest of resistance Vest of the archmagi 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Spell Focus (evocation) or evoker, able to cast at least five evocation spells, two of which must be 5th level or higher. 
Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
VEST OF RESISTANCE 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) (+1); 4,000 (8th) (+2); 9,000 (12th) (+3); 16,000 (14th) (+4); 25,000 (15th) (+5) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This elegantly styled white leather vest is edged in silver piping and has silver buttons. 
A vest of resistance offers magical protection in the form of a +1 to +5 resistance bonus on saving throws. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, resistance. 
Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day (+1); 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days (+2); 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days (+3); 8,000 gp, 640 XP, 16 days (+4); 12,500 gp, 1,000 XP, 25 days (+5). 
VESTMENTS OF EBONSILK [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These lightweight black robes are covered in a silvery spiderweb tracery. The clasp at the neck is a silver brooch shaped like a spider with amethyst eyes. 
Thus far, the only known vestments of ebonsilk have been found in the possession of drow clerics. If you are chaotic evil, neutral evil, or chaotic neutral, wearing these vestments grants you a +2 resistance bonus on saving throws. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, the vest­ments also grant you a continual spider climb effect. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Lolth and either sacrifice a 4th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 7 HD. If you sacrifice a 7th-level spell slot or have at least 13 HD and the True Believer feat, you also gain a continual freedom of movement effect. 
Lore: Said to be woven from silk extruded by Lolth herself, vestments of ebonsilk are occasionally awarded to undeserving followers of Lolth as a test to see how quickly her favored clerics can appropriate them (Knowledge [reli­gion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, freedom of movement, spider climb. 
Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
WAND BRACELET 
Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 6th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) 

transmutation 
Activation: See text 
Weight: — 

This golden chain bracelet has a number of small metal objects hanging from it like charms. 
A wand bracelet can store up to four items, which appear as charms along the bracelet. You can grab one of the charms from the bracelet as a swift (manipulation) action, causing it to appear in your hand. 
If you have an item in hand, you can use a move (manipulation) action to store the item in the bracelet or to switch a held item for a stored item by touching the item to the charm representing the stored item. Storing an item causes it to shrink down and appear as a charm hang­ing from the bracelet. Any item stored can weigh no more than 3 pounds and must be able to be held in one hand, such as a wand or a light weapon. Only the wearer of the bracelet is able to retrieve or store items. 
Lore: The name wand bracelet describes the most common use of this item. Origi­nally designed to hold small keepsakes as charms, and crafted to be appropri­ate for formal gatherings, wand bracelets have found popularity among artificers (ECS 29) who favor spell trigger devices (Knowledge [history] DC 15). 
These bracelets are also sometimes known as assassins' charms, because small weapons can easily be concealed within them (Knowledge [history] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, shrink item. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
Wand bracelet 
WAR WIZARD CLOAK 
Price (Item Level): 16,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This long black cloak has a high collar and is cut to overlap a wearer's chest and arms. An open white palm in a circle adorns the right breast, and a rampant purple dragon rages on the left. 
A war wizard cloak protects you from the elements (as endure elements) and also activates a feather fall effect on you auto­matically if you fall more than 5 feet. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, this cloak has four other abilities, each of which can be activated once per day: dimension door, mage armor, protection from arrows, and sending 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dimension door, endure elements, feather fall, mage armor, protection from arrows, sending. 
Cost to Create: 8,000 gp, 640 XP, 16 days. 
WATCH LAMP Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 1st Aura: Faint; (DC 15) evocation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
This plain mithral headband has no distinl guishing features. 
Transposer cloak White cloak

When activated, a watch lamp creates a globe of light that hovers at your shoul­der and sheds light as a torch. The light follows you wherever you move. It can be extinguished with a second command. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dancing lights. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
WATER CLOAK Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) conjuration Activation: — and immediate (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
This sailcloth cloak's elaborate embroidery evokes the waves of the sea. Within the patl tern of the waves, a repeating swirl of thread matches the symbol writhing within the large, dark crystal shard that forms the clasp at the neck of the cloak. The cloak appears damp, and the lower edge looks as though it has been soaked in water. 
Despite its damp appearance, a water cloak always feels completely dry to its wearer, even in pouring rain. This cloak grants you a +5 bonus on Reflex saves against any effect that deals fire damage and allows you to avoid fire damage as if you 
of the spider Water cloak 
had evasion. Whenever you make a suc­cessful Reflex saving throw against any fire effect that deals half damage on a suc­cessful save, you instead take no damage. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, a water cloak offers two other activated abilities. 
Extinguish: The cloak extinguishes all nonmagical fires within 30 feet. This ability has no effect on fire creatures. It functions five times per day. 
Counterfire: The cloak can counter any spell with the fire descriptor (as if you were casting dispel magic). This abil­ity functions once per day. Attempting to counter a spell that doesn't have the fire descriptor wastes the effect. 
Prerequisites: Bind Elemental (ECS 51) or Craft Wondrous Item, planar binding. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 

WHITE CLOAK OF THE SPIDER 
Price (Item Level): 4,200 gp (9th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) enchantment Activation: — and standard 
(command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This white cloak looks like it was woven by a gigantic arachnid. A large gray spider is embroidered upon the back amid radiating patterns of webbing. 
You gain a +2 bonus on saves against poison. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, this cloak has two other abilities, each of which can be activated once per day: spider climb and hold person. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, hold person, resistance, spider climb. Cost to Create: 2,100 gp, 168 XP, 5 days. 

WINK BROOCH 
Price (Item Level): 600 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) enchantment 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: — 

The ruby set at the head of this straight pin twinkles like the eye of a gnome with a secret. 
Many a diplomat wears a wink brooch to court to gain an edge in conversation. When activated, this brooch grants you a +2 competence bonus on a single Bluff or Diplomacy check attempted before the end of your turn. 
This ability functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, charm person. Cost to Create: 300 gp, 24 XP, 1 day. 

WYRMFANG AMULET Price (Item Level): 1,350 gp (5th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
This necklace consists of a leather thong strung with dragon's teeth. 
All attacks you make with natural weap­ons or unarmed strikes while wearing this amulet overcome damage reduction as through they were magic weapons. (The attacks don't gain an enhancement bonus, just the ability to overcome some creatures' damage reduction.) 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
greater magic fang. 
Cost to Create: 675 gp, 54 XP, 2 days. 


A
s any veteran of adventure would tell you, sometimes right time. Though these tools are not as ubiquitous as the even your best weapon isn't enough to see you through armor or magic amulet you wear every day, or the weapon the dangers lurking in dank swamps and dark dun­you swing every round, experienced adventurers recog­geons. Any successful hero can undoubtedly point nize that a tool needn't be useful in every encounter for it to the times when he reached to be worth bringing along. Whether 
into his backpack and pulled 
out the perfect tool for the unbelievable 
situation at hand. 
The following pages include over 300 
such magic items: wondrous devices 
meant to give you an edge at just the 
TOOL 

DESCRIPTIONS 
The items in this chapter are arranged alphabetically. 
ABERRANT SPHERE 
Price (Item Level): 2,800 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 
Activation: Full-round (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

The surface of this sphere seems to constantly flash with words in your native tongue, but you can't make out what they say. 
"Fiendish acid-spitting zombie dragons? No problem—I have just the thing for that" 
—Lidda 

Created by alienists (CAr 21) and other cultists who worship aberrant entities, an aberrant sphere allows its wielder to summon creatures from beyond space and time at the cost of a fraction of his own sanity. A sphere has 3 charges, which are renewed each day. at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges causes the sphere to shatter, as it summons a par­ticular kind of aberration, which appears anywhere within 30 feet of you and serves you (as summon monster I) for 7 rounds. You also take a penalty on your Will saves as long as the creature is present. 
1 charge: Summons a choker; -1 penalty on Will saves. 2 charges: Summons a grick; -2 penalty on Will saves. 
as mundanely functional as a bag of holding or as explosively exciting as a strand of lightning, the magic items in this category are an important part of your arsenal. 
3 charges: Summons a carrion crawler; -3 penalty on Will saves. 
At the end of the duration (or when the creature is destroyed), the sphere re-forms in your hand (or at your feet if your hands are full) and the penalty on your Will saves disappears. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, summon monster IV. Cost to Create: 1,400 gp, 112 XP. 
ANSTRUTH HARP Price (Item Level): 32,100 gp (16th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 14th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) conjuration, enchantment, transmutation Activation: — and swift (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
This teakwood lap harp is slender and graceful, its strings made of silver wire. An engraved design depicting waves and fog graces the wood. 
This masterwork harp grants you a +2 circumstance bonus on Perform (string instruments) checks. If you have at least 12 ranks in Perform (string instruments), you can also command it to produce one of three spell effects (control water, mass cure light wounds, or mind fog), each once per day. 
If you pick up an Anstruth harp but do not have 12 or more ranks in Perform (string instruments), the instrument bestows one negative level on you, which persists for as long as you hold it. This negative level never results in actual level loss, but it cannot be overcome in any way (including restoration spells) while the instrument is held. 
Lore: A wise and powerful bard named Falataer reportedly created the first of these instruments, which he used to test and reward the students at all seven levels of his bardic college. Others have since copied the designs but honored Fala­taer by keeping the name Anstruth harp (Knowledge [arcana] or bardic knowledge DC 15). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, control water, mass cure light wounds, mind fog, bard. 
Cost to Create: 16,000 gp (plus 100 gp for masterwork harp), 1,280 XP, 32 days. 
ARCANE THIEVES' TOOLS 
Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This set of picks, pins, and levers is housed in a supple leather bag decorated with arcane runes. 
This set of masterwork thieves' tools is the perfect accessory if you depend on a blend of magic and skill to achieve your thieving goals. In addition to granting the normal +2 circumstance bonus on Disable Device and Open Lock checks, these tools can grant a character with the trapfinding class feature a special benefit. When activating the tools, you can expend an arcane spell or arcane spell slot of 1st level or higher to gain a +5 competence bonus on either a Disable Device check or an Open Lock check begun before the end of that turn. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, knock, trapfinding. Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 

AROMA OF 
CURDLED DEATH 
Price (Item Level): 4,500 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: — 

This elegant, stoppered glass bottle holds a dark, viscous fluid. 
One round after you apply this elixir to your skin, it creates an invisible cloud of gas in a 10-foot radius that moves with you and persists for 1 minute. You are immune to the cloud's effects, but every other creature in the area that has 3 Hit Dice or fewer immediately dies (no save). A crea­ture that has 4-6 Hit Dice must succeed on a DC 17 Fortitude save each round it remains in the area or die. A creature that has 7 Hit Dice or more takes 1d4 points of Constitution damage (Fort DC 17 half) per round of exposure. 
If you open the bottle but do not imme­diately apply the liquid, the cloud of gas spreads to fill a 5-foot-radius area, centered on the opened bottle or the place where the liquid was poured out. This cloud per­sists for 1 minute. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cloudkill, Craft (alchemy) 4 ranks. Cost to Create: 2,250 gp, 180 XP, 5 days. 

AROMA OF DREAMS Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) enchantment Activation: Standard (manipulation) Weight: — 
This cut crystal bottle is filled with silvery liquid. The bottle's stopper is a single piece of smoky quartz. 
One round after you apply this elixir to your skin, it creates an invisible cloud of gas in a 10-foot radius that moves with you and persists for 5 rounds. You are immune to the cloud's effects, but each round at the end of your turn every other creature in the area with 10 Hit Dice or fewer must make a successful DC 14 Fortitude save or fall asleep for 1 minute. Furthermore, each creature remaining in the area 1 round later (whether already asleep or not) must make a second successful DC 14 Fortitude save or fall asleep for 1 hour. Creatures with more than 10 Hit Dice are immune to the effect. 
If you open the bottle but do not imme­diately apply the liquid, the cloud of gas spreads to fill a 5-foot-radius area, centered on the opened bottle or the place where the liquid was poured out. This cloud per­sists for 1 minute. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, deep slumber, Craft (alchemy) 4 ranks. Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 

BAG OF BOULDERS 
Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (thrown) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This worn doeskin pouch holds a few unrel markable pebbles. 
This pouch creates tiny pebbles that strike with the force of a catapult stone when thrown. Each stone has a range incre­ment of 50 feet. You are proficient with the stones and must make a successful ranged attack to strike with one. A stone disappears after it completes its flight. Activating a bag of boulders is a standard action that includes both drawing and throwing a stone. 
Each bag of boulders has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges when you draw a pebble from the bag determines the damage dealt by the stone when thrown. 
1 charge: Deals 2d6 points of bludgeon­ing damage. 2 charges: Deals 3d6 points of bludgeon­ing damage. 3 charges: Deals 4d6 points of bludgeon­ing damage. 

Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, shrink item. Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 
BAG OF ENDLESS CALTROPS 
Price (Item Level): 800 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: Move (manipulation) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This nondescript brown leather pouch is secured with a piece of twisted wire that has several sharp points. 
Five times per day, you can reach into this pouch and pull out a handful of caltrops (enough to cover a 5-foot square). In addi­tion to the activation cost, filling a 5-foot square with caltrops by hand requires a standard action. 
The caltrops produced are not magi­cal and follow all the rules for normal caltrops (PH 126). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Leomund's secret chest. Cost to Create: 400 gp, 32 XP, 1 day. 
BAG OF FLAMES 
Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: — 

This red burlap sack feels warm to the touch. 
A bag of flames contains a tiny ember of pure elemental fire. The bag has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges when you place your hand into the bag allows you to draw forth fire to create a particular effect. 
1 charge: Flame burns in your hand, as the produce flame spell, with a duration of 1 minute. Your melee touch attack deals 1d6+5 points of fire damage, or you can hurl the flame up to 120 feet as a ranged touch attack that deals 1d6+5 points of fire damage (and ends the duration). 
2 charges: You hurl the flame up to 30 feet away, whereupon it immediately turns into a Small fire elemental. The elemental is under your control (as if summoned by summon nature's ally II) and remains for 5 rounds. 
3 charges: Faint wisps of flame spread up your arm and cover your body. This sheath provides immunity to fire for 1 hour or until it has negated 60 points of fire damage. As a standard action, you can touch an adjacent creature to grant it any remaining immunity to fire you have from this effect (you lose the remaining immunity). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, prol duce flame, protection from energy, summon nature's ally II. 
Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 4 days. 
Banner of the storm's eye 

BANNER OF THE STORM'S EYE 
Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: — (held) or shoulders 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) enchantment 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. (12 lb. if backpack frame 
worn) 

This banner is a rectangular military standard depicting a white, two-tailed swirl—like a styll ized overhead view of a hurricane—on a dark green background. The banner's fluttering movements seem slower than they should be. 
An unfurled banner of the storm's eye always waves more slowly than nearby flags, and it seems unaffected by the wind or by the movement of its bearer. 
As long as it is held aloft, the banner automatically suppresses (but does not dispel) fear effects on all creatures within 20 feet. It also prevents any creature within 20 feet from becoming confused or stunned. 
Alternatively, you can mount the banner on a backpack frame to leave your hands free. The backpack frame costs 5 gp and weighs 10 pounds. While so mounted, the banner occupies your shoulders body slot. 
Lore: The swirling pattern on this banner was common to elite military units in the last great war (Knowledge [history] DC 15). 
Such banners provided protection from psychological tricks employed by creatures such as mind flayers (Knowledge [history] DC 25). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, calm emotions. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
BATTLE BRIDLE 
Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Face; see text Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) enchantment 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 
A  stampede  of  horses  is depicted  chargl  
ing  across this  surprisingly  light  leather  
saddle.  

A battle bridle occupies a mount's face body slot. 
While you are mounted upon a creature that is wearing a battle bridle, you gain a +5 competence bonus on Ride checks and the benefit of the Mounted Combat feat. If you already have Mounted Combat, you instead gain the benefit of Ride-By Attack. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Mounted Combat, Ride-By Attack, calm animals. 
Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days. 
BEETLE ELIXIR 
Price (Item Level): 1,350 gp (5th) Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 6th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: Full-round (manipulation) Weight: — 
The viscous liquid in this vial has an oily brown color and smells a little like wet leaves. 
Drinking beetle elixir causes your skin to harden, darken, and gloss over, and short antennae to sprout from your forehead. 
You gain darkvision out to 60 feet and a +2 enhancement bonus to your exist­ing natural armor. (A creature without natural armor has an effective natural armor bonus of +0.) These effects last for 12 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, alter self, darkvision, Craft (alchemy) 5 ranks. Cost to Create: 675 gp, 54 XP, 2 days. 

BLAST DISK Price (Item Level): 900 gp (4th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation Activation: Standard (manipulation) Weight: 1 lb. 
This jet-black, 8-inch-diameter plate bears a bas relief humanoid skull surrounded by runes and sigils. Its other side is perfectly smooth and flat. 
A blast disk can be set to explode through proximity or on a timer. In either case, when the disk activates it explodes, destroying the blast disk and dealing 5d6 points of fire damage to all creatures and objects within 10 feet (Reflex DC 14 half). 
If set to explode through proximity, a blast disk must be set down in a square on the battlefield. The next creature of Small or larger size to enter that square (either on the ground or airborne within 5 feet) sets off the blast disk. That creature receives a -2 penalty on the save against the blast. 
A blast disk can also be set to auto­matically explode up to 10 rounds after placement. 
A character who has trapfinding can find (Search DC 28) and disable (Disable Device DC 28) a blast disk. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, fireball. Cost to Create: 450 gp, 36 XP, 1 day. 

BLAST GLOBES Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation Activation: Standard (command); see text Weight: 1 lb. 
Dozens of smaller glass spheres comprise this 
fist-sized orb. The flicker of a small flame seems 
to reflect from deep within. 
When you activate a set of blast globes, the transparent globes separate and begin circling each other. One round after they activate, you can direct the globes to strike (as a group) any location within 400 feet as a free action. The globes then move to that location and create an explosion in a 20-foot-radius spread. Any creature in the area takes 10d6 points of fire damage and 2d6 points of sonic damage, is deaf­ened for 2d6 rounds, and is pushed 1d6 squares away from the center of the blast. A successful DC 15 Reflex save halves the fire damage and negates the push, while a successful DC 15 Fortitude save negates the deafening effect. 
After exploding, the globes reform in your hands or at your feet (if your hands are full). This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
fireball, shout. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
BLESSED BANDAGE Price (Item Level): 10 gp (1/2) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration Activation: Standard (manipulation) Weight: — 
A single, softly glowing thread runs along one side of this linen bandage. 
Applying a blessed bandage immediately 
stabilizes the recipient (but heals no 
damage). 

Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cure minor wounds. Cost to Create: 5 gp, 1 XP, 1 day. 
BLIGHT STONE 
Price (Item Level): 300 gp 
(2nd) 
Body Slot: — (held); see text 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) necromancy 
Activation: Standard (thrown) or 

— (ammunition) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This stone is tacky with a putrid green residue. 
A blight stone creates an instantaneous burst of vapor that damages plants and plant-based creatures. The stone must be thrown (range increment 10 feet) or hurled from a sling (using that weapon's normal range increment) as a ranged touch attack. 
When the stone strikes its target or a hard surface, it deals no damage but ex­plodes in a 10-foot-radius burst of noxious vapors. This cloud of gas deals 5d6 points of damage to all plants and plant creatures in the area (Fort DC 14 half). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, blight. Cost to Create: 150 gp, 12 XP, 1 day. 
CAMOUFLAGE PAINT 
Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

This jar contains a colorful, jellylike substance. 
As a standard action, the user of caml ouflage paint can spread a glob of the substance across her face. Once applied, camouflage paint changes the color of the user's skin, clothing, and gear to that of her surroundings. This effect provides a +5 circumstance bonus on Hide checks, but only when the user is stationary. An application of camouflage paint lasts for 2 hours. Each 3-inch-diameter, 2-inch-deep jar of camouflage paint has enough material for five applications. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, disguise self. Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 
Blight stone 

CANAITH MANDOLIN Price (Item Level): 8,100 gp (12th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 8th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) abjuration, conjuration Activation: — and swift (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
This ornate, eight-stringed mandolin is carved of ebony and decorated with mother-of-pearl inlays depicting fantastic monsters. 
This masterwork mandolin grants you a +2 circumstance bonus on Perform (string instruments) checks. If you have at least 8 ranks in Perform (string instruments), you can also command it to produce one of three spell effects (cure serious wounds, dispel magic, or summon monster III), each once per day. 
If you pick up a Canaith mandolin but do not have 8 or more ranks in Perform (string instruments), the instrument bestows one negative level on you, which persists for as long as you hold it. This negative level never results in actual level loss, but it cannot be overcome in any way 
(including restoration spells) while the instrument is held. Lore: See Anstruth harp (page 150). Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cure serious wounds, dispel magic, summon monster III, bard. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp (plus 100 gp for masterwork mandolin), 320 XP, 8 days. 
CENSER OF THE 
LAST BREATH [RELIC] 

Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 15th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This censer is a perforated iron ball hung from a jeweled chain. The holy symbol of Nerull is inscribed on a boss at its center. 
Nerull's faithful fill the censer of the last breath with ground gems rather than incense. When you burn 10 gp worth of quartz dust in it, the censer produces an obscuring mist effect, which, if you are neutral evil, neutral, lawful evil, or cha­
otic evil, you can see through as if it weren't there. 
Filling the censer is a stan­dard action. Once it has been filled, it automatically starts burning the quartz dust, creating a cloud in a 20-foot­radius emanation centered on you. For the duration of the effect, the cloud moves with you as long as you hold the censer. The quartz dust burns in the censer for 10 rounds, after which the cloud 
dissipates. 

Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you can burn other kinds of gem dust in the censer to produce additional effects, as detailed on the table below. In each case, the cloud produced is the same size as the one produced by the quartz dust and behaves in the same way, except as noted on the table. You are always unaffected by the cloud created. 
Censer of the last breath 
CENSER OF THE LAST BREATH Spell Level/ 
Hit Dice  Gem Type  Value  
5th/9  Diamond dust  250 gp  
6th/11  Emerald dust  500 gp  

7th/13 Sapphire dust 1,000 gp 
8th/15 Ruby dust 2,000 gp 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Nerull and either sacrifice a divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and a minimum number of Hit Dice. The spell level and Hit Dice required are given for each entry in the table. 
Lore: An ancient high priest of Nerull forged the first censer of the last breath over a fire fueled by the entire hoard of an old red dragon. Thereafter, he used it to send the souls of countless helpless prisoners to their just reward (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, acid fog, cloudkill, incendiary cloud, obscuring mist, solid fog. 
Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 

CHIME OF HARMONIC AGONY 
Price (Item Level): 3,100 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 

Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 1/2 lb. 
This constantly vibrating silver chime is inscribed with bizarre, alien musical notes. 
A chime of harmonic agony allows you to channel musical power through your own body to wreak harm on your enemies. When you activate the chime, you must spend one daily use of your bardic music ability and target a creature within 30 feet. The chime deals sonic damage equal to 3d6 + your Charisma modifier (Fort DC 16 half). 
If you also wear a magic item that grants an enhancement bonus to your Constitu­tion score, you can add the item's bonus to the damage dealt by the chime. 
A chime of harmonic agony functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, shout. 
Cost to Create: 1,550 gp, 124 XP, 4 days. 

Effect 
Solid fog (as the spell, except that only living creatures are slowed) Cloudkill (as the spell, except that it hovers near you [Fort DC 17 partial]) Acid fog (as the spell, except that only living creatures are slowed) Incendiary cloud (as the spell, except that it hovers near you [Reflex DC 22 half]) 
CLI LYRE 
Price (Item Level): 18,100 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) abjuration 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This elegant lyre is carved from jade and strung with gold wire. Rubies adorn its frame. 
This masterwork lyre grants you a +2 circumstance bonus on Perform (string instruments) checks. If you have at least 10 ranks in Perform (string instruments), you can also command it to produce one of three spell effects (break enchantment, dimension door, or shout), each once per day. 
If you pick up a Cli lyre but do not have 10 or more ranks in Perform (string instruments), the instrument bestows one negative level on you, which persists for as long as you hold it. This negative level never results in actual level loss, but it cannot be overcome in any way (including restoration spells) while the instrument is held. 
Lore: See Anstruth harp (page 150). Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, break enchantment, dimension door, shout, bard. Cost to Create: 9,000 gp (plus 100 gp for masterwork lyre), 720 XP, 18 days. 

COGNIZANCE CRYSTALS Max Power Point 
COGNIZANCE CRYSTAL Price (Item Level): See text Body Slot: — Caster Level: See table Aura: See table; (DC varies) evocation Activation: Free (mental) Weight: 1 lb. 
Silver wire gently encloses and binds a large core crystal and several smaller crystals in a geometric design. The aquamarine crystals emit a faint glow. 
A cognizance crystal stores power points, which the holder can use to manifest a psionic power she knows (instead of spending points from her own power pool). You cannot directly replenish your personal power points from those stored in a cognizance crystal, nor can you draw power points from more than one source to manifest a power (even if that second source is your own power pool). 
A cognizance crystal can store only as many power points as its original maxi­mum, set at the time of its creation. When a crystal's power points are used up, the glow of the crystal dims. A user can recharge it by paying power points on a 1-for-1 basis (a standard [mental] action). While doing this depletes the user's own power point reserve for the day, those power points remain available in the crystal until used. 
Before you can use a cognizance crystal, 
you must hold or have it on your person 
for at least 10 continuous minutes. 
A typical cognizance crystal has AC 7, 10 hit points, hardness 8, and a break DC of 16. 
Prerequisites: Craft Cognizance Crystal 
(EPH 44). 
Cost to Create: See table. 


Storage  CL  Aura (DC)  Market Price  Cost to Create  
1  1st  Faint (15)  1,000 gp (4th)  500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day  
3  3rd  Faint (16)  4,000 gp (8th)  2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days  
5  5th  Faint (17)  9,000 gp (12th)  4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days  
7  7th  Moderate (18)  16,000 gp (14th)  8,000 gp, 640 XP, 16 days  
9  9th  Moderate (19)  25,000 gp (15th)  12,500 gp, 1,000 XP, 25 days  
11  11th  Moderate (20)  36,000 gp (17th)  18,000 gp, 1,440 XP, 36 days  
13  13th  Strong (21)  49,000 gp (18th)  24,500 gp, 1,960 XP, 49 days  
15  15th  Strong (22)  64,000 gp (18th)  32,000 gp, 2,560 XP, 64 days  
17  17th  Strong (23)  81,000 gp (20th)  40,500 gp, 3,240 XP, 81 days  

CONDUIT ROD 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) abjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

Each end of this slender ebony rod is set with a clear, jagged crystal. A wild energy seems to flicker in the depths of these stones, and gazing intently into one reveals minute flares of fire, tiny sparks of electricity, and other glimpses of suppressed energy. 
Conduit rods alter the fundamental ways in which magical energies interact. When you activate a conduit rod and specify an energy type (acid, cold, electricity, fire, or sonic), your existing resis­tance to energy of the chosen type increases by 20. This protection also extends to every creature adjacent to you (though the value is based on the value of the energy resistance of those creatures rather than your own) and lasts for 1 round. The rod has no effect on creatures that are immune to the chosen energy type or have no resistance to it at all. 
This ability functions	 three 
times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Rod, antimagic field. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
CORNUCOPIA OF THE NEEDFUL [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) and 

standard (manipulation) 
Weight: 8 lb. 

This conical basket is woven from the bark of various deciduous trees. Attached to it with a bit of dried grapevine is a clay medallion bearl ing the holy symbol of Yondalla. 
Cornucopias of the needful were created to provide Yondalla's most intrepid followers with aid for their journeys. For as long as you possess the cornucopia, you can with­draw one fruit from it every morning (roll d% each morning to determine the kind of fruit obtained), provided that you are 
CORNUCOPIA OF THE NEEDFUL d% Fruit Effect 
01-15 Apple 	You are healed (as the heal spell) 
16-30 Grape cluster 	If split into twelve portions, each portion functions as a heroes' feast spell for the individual who consumes it (only functions for LG, NG, or LN characters) 
31-45 Tangerine This fruit produces a break enchantment effect on you 46-60 Strawberry You gain spell resistance 25 for 5 rounds 61-74 Cherry You gain the benefit of a death ward spell for 12 minutes 75-89 Peach You gain the benefit of a divine power spell for 10 rounds 90-100 Lemon You gain the benefit of a neutralize poison spell (self only) 
for 2 hours 

lawful good, neutral good, or lawful neu­tral. When consumed by such a character (a standard action), this fruit has an effect based on its type, as given in the table. 
Cornucopia of the needful 
Each fruit disappears after 24 hours if not eaten. The following morning, the cornucopia again yields one fruit. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, a cornucopia of the needful contains ld4+l fruits each morning (roll d% and consult the table for each) rather than only one. As before, the cornucopia once again yields ld4+l fruits the following morning, regardless of how many were withdrawn and consumed. 
To use the relic power, you must worship Yondalla and either sacrifice a 6th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 11 HD. 
Lore: Yondalla wove these conical bas­kets herself, then gave them to her favored high priests to distribute to the followers who needed them most (Knowledge [reli­gion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, break enchantment, death ward, divine power, heal, heroes feast, neutrall ize poison, spell resistance. 
Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
CRYSTAL ANCHOR OF ALERTNESS 
Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) abjuration 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

This lightweight shaft of transparent crystal is 4 feet long and tapers to a point on both ends. 
When planted in the ground and activated, a crystal anchor of alertness burns with clear light (providing illumi­nation as a lantern). In addition, your allies gain a +5 bonus on 
Listen and Spot checks as long as they remain within 30 feet of the anchor. This effect lasts for 1 hour, and the anchor functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, alarm or zone of alertness (CP 104). Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 
DAERN'S INSTANT TENT 
Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

This strip of canvas, folded into a small triangle, bears a single black sigil on one side. 
When activated, Daern's instant 
tent grows to become a 20-foot­square tent. The inside of the tent 
is always temperate in climate, 
as the Leomund's tiny hut spell. 
Cots inside can sleep up to eight 
Medium creatures. The tent also 
features a fire pit with a smoke 
hole. The tent has resistance to 
electricity 10, fire 10, and acid 10, 
as well as immunity to cold. 

Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous 
Item, Leomund's tiny hut. 
Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 
9 days. 

DAYLIGHT PELLET 
Price (Item Level): 150 gp (1st) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: Standard (thrown) 
Weight: — 
Within a thick black pouch, you see a 
handful of tiny ceramic beads. Thin 
veins of light shine through cracks in 
each bead. 

A daylight pellet can be thrown up to 50 feet; when it lands, it shatters and cre­ates illumination equivalent to a daylight spell, but with a duration of 10 rounds. These small stones are usually found in pouches containing 3d4 pellets. Using a pellet destroys it. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, daylight. Cost to Create: 75 gp, 6 XP, 1 day. 
DIAMONDSKIN DECANTER 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This glittering pitcher is wrought of platinum worked into the shape of dragon scales. 
When tipped, a diamondskin decanter pours out a thin, silver oil shot through with flickering motes of light. A diamondskin decanter can pour forth up to 3 draughts, which are renewed each day at dawn. Pouring 1 or more draughts onto yourself or an adjacent creature grants it damage reduction. 
Domain draughts 
1 draught: Damage reduction 2/adaman­tine, which lasts for 1 hour until 20 points of damage have been prevented. 
2 draughts: Damage reduction 3/ada­mantine, which lasts for 1 hour or until 30 points of damage have been prevented. 
3 draughts: Damage reduction 4/ada­mantine, which lasts for 1 hour or until 40 points of damage have been prevented. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 

DOMAIN DRAUGHT Price (Item Level): 3,300 gp (8th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 20th Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation Activation: Standard (manipulation) Weight: — 
This jewel-toned liquid comes in a small, translucent vial inscribed with religious iconography. 
A domain draught is the distilled essence of a cleric domain. A successful DC 15 Knowledge (religion) check identifies the specific domain with which a given draught is associated from the markings on the bottle. 
Upon drinking a domain draught, you gain access to its domain for 24 hours. You can use the domain's granted power, and if you normally prepare domain spells, you can add those from the draught's domain to your choices until the effect expires. If you drink a second domain draught before using the first one, the effect of the first one is lost. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, access to the associated domain. Cost to Create: 1,650 gp, 132 XP, 4 days. 
DOSS LUTE 
Price (Item Level): 4,100 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration, 

enchantment, illusion Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
This graceful lute is carved of alder and inlaid with abstract designs in copper. 
This masterwork lute grants you a 
+2 circumstance bonus on Perform (string instruments) checks. If you have at least 6 ranks in Perform (string instru­ments), you can also command it to produce one of three spell effects (delay poison, hold person, or mirror image), each once per day. 
If you pick up a Doss lute but do not have 6 or more ranks in Perform (string instruments), the instrument bestows one negative level on you, which persists for as long as you hold it. This negative level never results in actual level loss, but it cannot be overcome in any way (including restoration spells) while the instrument is held. 
Lore: See Anstruth harp (page 150). Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, delay poison, hold person, mirror image, bard. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp (plus 100 gp for masterwork lute), 160 XP, 4 days. 

DOVE'S HARP Price (Item Level): 12,100 gp (13th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration Activation: — Weight: 3 lb. 
A flight of sculpted porcelain doves adorns this elegant harp. 

When you play this masterwork harp 
while using your bardic music ability, all 
allies within 60 feet gain fast healing 3 
for 1 minute. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, mass 
cure light wounds. 
Cost to Create: 6,000 gp (plus 100 gp for 
masterwork harp), 480 XP, 12 days. 
DRAGON'S DRAUGHT 
Price (Item Level): See text 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: — 

A single dragon's tooth servers as the stopper for this oversized flask. The liquid within bubbles turbulently with barely contained energy. 
When a dragon or a creature that has the dragonblood subtype (see Races of the Dragon or Dragon Magic) consumes a dragon's draught, it gains the ability to use a particular type of breath weapon once during the next hour as a standard action. If you drink a second dragon's draught before using the first, the effect of the first is lost. 
Chime of harmonic agony 
DRAGON'S DRAUGHTS 
Color 
Brass White 
Black Copper 
Bronze Green Blue Silver Gold Red 

Breath Weapon 
60-foot line, 6d6 fire (DC 23) 30-foot cone, 6d6 cold (DC 23) 80-foot line, 12d4 acid (DC 24) 80-foot line, 12d4 acid (DC 24) 100-foot line, 12d6 electricity (DC 25) 50-foot cone, 12d6 acid (DC 25) 100-foot line, 12d8 electricity (DC 25) 50-foot cone, 12d8 cold (DC 25) 50-foot cone, 12d10 fire (DC 26) 50-foot cone, 12d10 fire (DC 26) 
Price (Item Level) 
1,200 gp (4th) 1,200 gp (4th) 2,400 gp (7th) 2,400 gp (7th) 3,500 gp (8th) 3,500 gp (8th) 4,500 gp (9th) 4,500 gp (9th) 5,500 gp (10th) 5,500 gp (10th) 

Dragon's draughts come in ten different varieties, one for each kind of true dragon. See the table for the size, shape, damage, Reflex save DC (for half damage), and market price of each dragon's draught. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dragon type or dragonblood subtype. 
Cost to Create: 600 gp, 48 XP, 2 days (brass or white); 1,200 gp, 96 XP, 3 days (black or copper); 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 4 days (bronze or green); 2,250 gp, 180 XP, 5 days (blue or silver); 2,750 gp, 220 XP, 6 days (gold or red). 
DRAGONDOOM 
SCEPTER 

Price (Item Level): 18,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation 
Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

Carved chromatic and metallic dragon scales descend like leaves down the length of this regal scepter. 
A dragondoom scepter aids spellcasters in 
defeating dragons. When you hold this 
scepter, you gain a +2 competence bonus 
Drums of marching 

Doss lute 
Ollamh harp 

Horn of plenty 
on caster level checks made to overcome the spell resistance of dragons. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, when you activate a dragonl doom scepter, the next spell of 6th level or lower you cast before the end of your turn deals an extra 50% damage to any creature with the dragon type. Spells that don't deal damage are unaffected. This ability can be activated three times per day, but not in consecutive rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Empower Spell. Cost to Create: 9,000 gp, 720 XP, 18 days. 
DRUMS OF MARCHING Price (Item Level): 1,100 gp (4th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: See text Weight: 5 lb. 
Each of these two drums bears a line of runes engraved around its base. 
This pair of drums includes a harness that allows them to be strapped to a humanoid creature. A character who plays drums of marching during overland movement and succeeds on a DC 15 Perform (percussion instruments) check grants allies within 120 feet a +4 bonus on the Constitution check to avoid nonlethal damage from a forced march (PH 164). Using the drums doesn't adversely affect a performer's speed. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, longstrider. Cost to Create: 500 gp (plus 100 gp for masterwork drums), 40 XP, 1 day. 
DUST OF DISPERSION 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration, 
illusion 

Activation: Standard (thrown) 
Weight: — 
This fine powder sparkles like ground gems. 
You can fling this powder into the air up 
to 10 feet away from yourself to create a 
translucent cloud that occupies a 10-foot 
cube. Creatures outside the cloud can see 
into it and through it (though their sight 
is slightly blurred), but any ranged 
attack entering or passing through 
the cloud has a 50% miss chance. 
Creatures within the cloud make ranged attacks normally. 
The cloud persists for 3 minutes, but a moderate wind (11+ mph) disperses it in 4 rounds. A strong wind (21+ mph) disperses the cloud in 1 round, and any spell that deals fire damage burns away any part of the cloud in its area. Dust of dispersion cannot be used underwater. 
Once activated, this dust is expended and cannot be used again. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, blur, glitterdust. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 

EHLONNA'S SEED POUCH [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 20th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (manipulation 
and thrown); see text 
Weight: 4 lb. 

This brown fur pouch is secured with a leather thong threaded through a large brass buckle. 

When first opened, this pouch holds three ordinary-looking acorns. If you are neu­tral good, lawful good, chaotic good, or neutral, these acorns function as goodber¬ ries. Each morning, the pouch once again holds three acorns, no matter how many were in it before. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you can create one of the following effects (your choice) to occur whenever you fling an acorn from the pouch. An acorn can be thrown up to 100 feet. 
•	
 A treant emerges from the acorn into any space in which it will physically fit. This effect otherwise functions like the changestaff spell, lasting for 1 hour. 

•	
 A wall of thorns (as the spell) springs up from the ground where the acorn lands. 


•	 The acorn functions as a splash weapon that deals 11d6 points of fire damage upon impact. This effect otherwise functions like the fire seeds spell, except that the damage isn't split up among multiple acorns. 
To use the relic power, you must worship Ehlonna and either sacrifice an 8th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 15 HD. 
Lore: Legend holds that Ehlonna cre­ated the first of these pouches and used it to seed the world's great forests with oaks and treants. Since then, she has occasion­ally given a pouch to one of her favored clergy in recognition of service (Knowl­edge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, changestaff, fire seeds, goodberry. 
Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 

ELECTRIC EEL ELIXIR 
Price (Item Level): 400 gp (2nd) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: — 

This vial contains blue liquid with sparkling yellow motes dancing within it. 
Imbibing electric eel elixir turns your skin silvery and grants you a +1 enhancement bonus to your existing natural armor bonus. (A creature without natural armor has an effective natural armor bonus of +0.) 
Furthermore, one time while the elixir is in effect, you can make a melee touch attack that deals 1d8+1 points of electric­ity damage. You gain a +3 circumstance bonus on the attack roll if the target is wearing metal armor. The elixir's effect lasts for 12 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, alter self, shocking grasp, Craft (alchemy) 5 ranks. 
Cost to Create: 200 gp, 16 XP, 1 day. 

ELIXIR OF ADAMANTINE BLOOD 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
Ehlonna seed pouch 

This heavy vial appears to be filled with solid black metal, but when upended, the blackness flows slowly downward. 
An elixir of adamantine blood causes a reac­tion that hardens your flesh. You gain 10 temporary hit points, which last for up to 1 hour. These temporary hit points do not stack with any other effects that grant temporary hit points. 
If you wear adamantine armor when you drink this elixir, you instead gain 20 temporary hit points (though if you remove the armor before the duration elapses, you lose 10 of the temporary hit points immediately). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stoneskin. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
ELIXIR OF FLAMING FISTS 
Price (Item Level): 300 gp 
(2nd) 

Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: — 

The viscous liquid inside this cut glass bottle is red-orange and roils like the heart of an inferno. 
When you drink this elixir, your hands immediately burst into flame, allow­ing you to deal an extra 1d6 points of fire damage with each of your unarmed attacks. These flames do not harm you. This effect lasts for 3 minutes. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, burning hands. Cost to Create: 150 gp, 12 XP, 1 day 
ENVELOPING PIT [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 3,600 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) conjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 

This flat black square looks like a piece of silken cloth, folded many times upon itself. Fleeting images of creatures and objects flit across the surface of the fabric. 
Kobolds are among the finest trapmak¬ ers in the world, but this portable pit trap exceeds even their expertise. If you are lawful evil, lawful neutral, or neutral evil, an enveloping pit functions like a portable hole, except that it is 50 feet deep. 
An enveloping pit covers a 10-foot square when opened fully, but the opening can be as small as 1 foot in diameter if it is laid upon the ground while still folded. The pit opens fully only if it has enough flat space to do so; it stops opening when an edge hits a wall or an obstruction of similar size. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you can open or close an enveloping pit with a command word from anywhere within 60 feet. 
Enveloping pit 
A favorite kobold tactic is to lie in wait until foes are standing close to a concealed enveloping pit, then give the command word to open it. Any creature that suddenly finds an enveloping pit beneath it falls in. A successful DC 22 Reflex save allows the creature to move to an adjacent safe square, if one exists. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Kurtulmak and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Lore: Centuries ago, Kurtulmak gave his high priests a half-dozen of these portable pit traps to aid them in acquir­ing new lands and wealth (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, plane shift. 
Cost to Create: 1,800 gp, 144 XP, 4 days. 
ETERNA L  WAN D  
Spell  Caster  Price  
Level  Level  (Item Level)  
0  1st  460 gp (3rd)  
1st  1st  820 gp (4th)  
2nd  3rd  4,420 gp (9th)  
3rd  5th  10,900 gp (13th)  

ESSENTIA JEWEL 
Price (Item Level): 400 gp (2nd) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) necromancy 
Activation: Free (command) 
Weight: — 

The facets of this small, translucent white crysl tal gleam with faint light. 
When activated, an essentia jewel adds 1 point of essentia to your essentia pool for a single round. This essentia can be invested as normal. Only one essentia jewel can be used in each round, and each can be used only once, after which it crumbles 
to dust. 

You need not hold an essentia jewel to activate it, but you must keep it somewhere on your body 
(in a pouch or a backpack, for example). 
Lore: Essentia jewels are mined from enormous crystalline struc­tures on the Positive Energy Plane (Knowledge [the planes] DC 15). 
These crystalline structures are actually fonts of unborn souls. Pure 
soul energy flows like water through these areas, imbuing the surrounding structures with echoes of incarnum (Knowledge [the planes] DC 25). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, soul boon (MoI 104). Cost to Create: 200 gp, 16 XP, 1 day. 
ETERNAL WAND 
Price (Item Level): See table Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: See table Aura: Faint; (see table) school of spell 
contained in eternal wand Activation: Standard (command) Weight: — 
This long, tapered wand ends with a pink crystal containing red swirls. 
An eternal wand holds a single arcane spell of 3rd level or lower, determined during creation. Any character who can cast arcane spells can activate the wand to use the spell contained in it, regard-
Spellcraft  Cost to  
DC  Create  
15  230 gp, 18 XP, 1 day  
15  410 gp, 32 XP, 1 day  
16  2,210 gp, 176 XP, 3 days  
17  5,450 gp, 436 XP, 11 days  

less of whether the spell appears on his class spell list. An eternal wand functions two times per day. 
Lore: During the final years of the last great war, the artificers and wizards of a powerful noble family perfected a new form of wand built around a crystal shard (Knowledge [history] DC 10). 
The development of the eternal wand allowed lesser arcanists to take the place of war wizards during the final days of the last great war, supplementing their passive spells with more aggressive magic (Knowledge [history] DC 15). 
While the artificers have been search­ing for ways to streamline the process of creation, the technique is still in its infancy. Currently, the wands are rarely seen except in military units, but a few soldiers who served in the war brought their eternal wands of magic missile home from the front lines (Knowledge [history] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wand, Craft Won­drous Item, the spell contained in the 
eternal wand. 
Cost to Create: See table. 

EVERFULL MUG Price (Item Level): 200 gp (2nd) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration Activation: Standard (command) Weight: — 
This common-looking brown clay mug has persistent stains just under the rim. 
Three times per day, when you recite the command word, this mug fills with 12 ounces of water, cheap ale, or watery wine (your choice). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, create water. Cost to Create: 100 gp, 8 XP, 1 day 
EVERLASTING FEEDBAG 
Price (Item Level): 800 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This leather feedbag is adorned with a small medallion bearing an embossed cornucopia symbol. 
When you place an everlasting feedbag around the muzzle of a horse, donkey, or other equine animal, suitable feed fills the bag and is continuously replenished until it is removed from the animal. Any uneaten feed disappears at that time. An everlasting feedbag can be used once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, create food and water. Cost to Create: 400 gp, 32 XP, 1 day. 

EVERLASTING RATIONS 
Price (Item Level): 350 gp (2nd) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This nondescript, small leather pouch has a light blue silk drawstring. 

This pouch contains enough trail rations to feed a Medium creature for one day. Every morning at sunrise, the pouch magically creates another day's worth of rations. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, create food and water. Cost to Create: 175 gp, 14 XP, 1 day. 

EXPLODING SPIKE Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation Activation: Standard (manipulation) Weight: 1/2 lb. 
This plain, iron spike feels warm to the touch and pulses with stored energy. 
An exploding spike becomes invisible 1 round after you plant it firmly in the ground. Thereafter, as soon as any creature comes within 10 feet of it, the 
spike explodes in a fireball that 
deals 10d6 points of fire 
damage (Reflex DC 14 
half) to every creature 
within 20 feet of it. 
This blast destroys 
the spike. 
During the round 
that an exploding 
spike remains vis­
ible after being 
planted, any crea­
ture can safely 

Gear for you and your
remove it from the ground (a standard action) to render it harmless and ready for reuse. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, fireball. Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 

FIELD PROVISIONS BOX Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
This well-crafted wooden box is carved with runes denoting abundance. 
When activated, a field provisions box pro­duces a full day's sustenance (food and water) for up to fifteen humans or five horses. 
A field provisions box functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, create food and water. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 40 XP, 2 days. 

FLESHEATER Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
This brown scepter is topped with a device that looks like a tooth-filled mouth. 

mount: Riding boots and an everlasting feedbag 
When you activate a flesheater, you summon forth horrible, hungry appa­ritions of green energy resembling minuscule imps or quasits. These appa­ritions surround a living creature you designate within 30 feet. That creature must succeed on a DC 18 Fortitude save or take 3d6 points of damage each round for the next 4 rounds. 
A flesheater functions two times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, summon monster III. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
FOCHLUCAN BANDORE 
Price (Item Level): 1,350 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation, 
transmutation Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
This three-stringed bandore is carved of striated maple and set with tiger's-eye stones. 
This masterwork bandore grants you a +2 circumstance bonus on Perform (string instruments) checks, if you have at least 2 ranks in Perform (string instruments), you can also command it to produce one of four spell-like abilities (flare, light, mending, or message), each once per day. 
Lore: See Anstruth harp. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, flare, light, mending, message, bard. Cost to Create: 675 gp (plus 100 gp for masterwork bandore), 54 XP, 2 days. 
GLITTER STONE 
Price (Item Level): 450 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — (held); see text 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (thrown) or 
— (ammunition) 
Weight: — 

Sparkles of light glitter on this stone's surface. 
A glitter stone renders hidden creatures visible. The stone must be thrown (range increment 10 feet) or hurled from a sling (using that weapon's normal range incre­ment) as a ranged touch attack. When the stone strikes its target or a hard surface, it deals no damage, but explodes in a 10­foot-radius burst of glittering shards. All 
Hammersphere 
invisible creatures in the area become coated in glittery dust, making them visible for 3 rounds. Any coated creature takes a -4 0 penalty on Hide checks for the duration of the effect. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, glitterdust. Cost to Create: 225 gp, 18 XP, 1 day. 
GLOBE OF SUNLIGHT Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) evocation Activation: Standard (thrown) Weight: 1 lb. 
This golden, fist-sized orb is set with faceted rubies and yellow topazes. 
You can hurl a globe of sunlight up to 50 feet. When it arrives at the end of its trajectory, it detonates as a sunburst spell (Reflex DC 22 partial), except that the radius of the burst is only 40 feet. Once activated, the globe is expended and cannot be used again. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, sunburst. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
GLYPH SEAL Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: Standard (manipulation) Weight: — 
This multicolored, thumb-sized opal is carved with a variety of arcane symbols. 
A glyph seal allows you to convert any arcane or divine spell of up to 2nd level into a symbol similar to a glyph of warding. To do so, you must cast the spell while holding the seal; doing this is called keying the seal. You can safely transport a keyed glyph seal until you activate it by pressing the seal to the desired surface. The seal can adhere to any nonmagical, nonliving object. An activated glyph seal functions as the spell glyph function of a glyph of warding and can be detected and disabled as a magic trap (DC 30). 
A glyph seal is unaffected by the spell within it. Once activated, the now-empty glyph seal can be retrieved (though it requires a successful DC 30 Search check to find) and used. You can always remove any glyph seal you keyed and activated to redeploy it elsewhere. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, glyph of warding. Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 
GLYPH SEAL, GREATER Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation 
This opal glows with multihued light, and ornate arcane symbols have been etched into its surface. 
A greater glyph seal functions like a glyph seal, with the following exceptions: It can be keyed with any spell of 5th level or higher, it functions as the greater glyph of warding spell, detecting and disabling it requires a successful DC 33 check, and a successful DC 33 Search check is needed to find it. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, greater glyph of warding. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
HAMMERSPHERE Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 1/2 lb. 
This sphere is 4 inches in diameter, made of silver, and covered in small rubies. The hammer-and-anvil symbol of Moradin is etched onto its surface in four places. 
Once per day, when held aloft and acti­vated, this sphere conjures forth a giant hammer. This hammer functions as a spiritual weapon except that it deals 3d6 points of damage on a successful hit. You do not have to concentrate on the hammer or keep the sphere aloft while it attacks. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, greater magic weapon, spiritual weapon. Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 
HARROW ROD 
Price (Item Level): 14,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This slightly twisted metal rod is black as pitch. 
When activated, a harrow rod sprays forth a 30-foot cone that deals 9d6 points of acid damage to all within the area (Reflex DC 17 half). 
A harrow rod functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Melf's acid arrow. Cost to Create: 7,000 gp, 560 XP, 14 days. 
HEALING SALVE 
Price (Item Level): 2,250 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This jar contains a greasy, yellow, jellylike substance. 
A single application of healing salve smeared across a wound heals 1d8+1 points of damage. A double application heals 2d8+3 points of damage. A triple application heals 3d8+5 points of damage. No matter how much salve is used, each application takes a standard action to apply. A 3-inch-diameter, 2-inch-deep jar holds enough salve for ten single applications. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cure serious wounds. Cost to Create: 1,175 gp, 90 XP, 3 days. 
HORN OF PLENTY Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration Activation: Standard (manipulation) Weight: 2 lb. 
This short, slightly curved horn looks like a cornucopia and bears engravings of various foods. 
Once per day, you can blow a horn of plenty to create a heroes feast, as the spell, for twelve participants. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, heroes' feast. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 

ICY STRAND OF THE NORTH 
Price (Item Level): 2,500 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation 
Activation: Standard (thrown) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Several jagged shards of ice are frozen onto this white cord. These ice crystals are still cold and show no evidence of melting. 
You can detach and throw one of the ice crystals on this cord as a standard action. Each crystal can be thrown up to 80 feet. When it reaches the end of its trajectory, it explodes to create an ice storm or sleet storm (as the spells) centered on its endpoint. 
Each of two opaque crystals creates a sleet storm effect, while each of four trans­parent crystals creates an ice storm. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, ice storm, sleet storm. Cost to Create: 1,250 gp, 100 XP, 3 days. 

INCENSE OF CONCENTRATION 
Price (Item Level): 250 gp (2nd) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: — 

This golden yellow block of incense is imprinted with a rune representing memory. 
If burned while you prepare spells, this incense allows you to prepare one extra 1st-level spell for the day. You can benefit from only one exposure to incense of conl centration in a 24-hour period. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Rary's mnemonic enhancer. Cost to Create: 125 gp, 10 XP, 1 day. 

INFINITE SCROLLCASE 
Price (Item Level): 2,800 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: Move (manipulation); 

see text 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This elaborate mahogany tube has a slit that runs along its length. A wooden dowel, capped on the ends with gold, fits against the slit, lockl ing into place with jeweled clasps. 
An infinite scrollcase holds up to fifty scrolls or other parchments, which can be placed within it or removed as with any normal scrollcase. When you activate an infinite scrollcase, the desired scroll unfurls through the slit, ready to read or cast from. When you cast a spell from a scroll unfurled from an infinite scrollcase, you gain a +4 compe­tence bonus on Concentration checks made to cast that spell defensively. 
If you have at least a +1 base attack bonus, you can retrieve a scroll from an infinite scrollcase as part of a move action, similar to drawing a weapon. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Leomund's secret chest. Cost to Create: 1,400 gp, 112 XP, 3 days. 

JUMPING CALTROPS Price (Item Level): 250 gp (2nd) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 2 lb. 
This leather bag periodically twitches and jerks, as though it holds something alive. 
Jumping caltrops function just like normal ones, except that each round at the start of your turn, if no targets are in their square, they move 5 feet toward the nearest enemy (chosen randomly if more than one is equidistant). Upon entering an occupied square, the jumping caltrops "attack" that creature as normal for caltrops. They remain capable of movement for 5 rounds after being activated, then function like normal caltrops until dawn the next day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
animate objects. 
Cost to Create: 125 gp, 10 XP, 1 day. 


LENS OF THE DESERT 
Price (Item Level): 20,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 13th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: — 
A gold frame worked with a sunburst motif and an elegant wooden handle decorate this flawless magnifying glass. 
When you activate a lens of the desert, it cre­ates a beam of focused sunlight that is the equivalent of a sunbeam spell. 
A lens of the desert functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, sunbeam. Cost to Create: 10,000 gp, 800 XP, 20 days. 
LIFE RING Price (Item Level): 400 gp (2nd) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: Standard (manipulation) Weight: 5 lb. 
This 3-foot-diameter, 4-inch-thick wooden hoop has four equally spaced handholds where the wood flattens slightly. A piece of thin twine crosses the middle of the ring. 
To activate a life ring, you break the twine crossing the hoop. Once active, a life ring grants a feather fall effect to the next four creatures who touch it within 10 rounds. The duration of each subject's feather fall benefit is equal to the number of rounds remaining in the item's duration when that creature touches the life ring. At the end of this duration, the broken life ring becomes inert and useless. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Extend Spell, feather fall. Cost to Create: 200 gp, 16 XP, 1 day. 
MAC-FUIRMIDH 
CITHERN 
Price (Item Level): 2,100 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration, 
enchantment 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This pear-shaped cithern is crafted of rosewood and decorated with mother-of-pearl inlays in an abstract, scalloped pattern. 
This masterwork cithern grants you a +2 circumstance bonus on Perform (string instruments) checks. If you have at least 4 ranks in Perform (string instruments), you can also command it to produce one of three spell effects (cure light wounds, mage armor, and sleep), each once per day. 
Lore: See Anstruth harp. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cure light wounds, mage armor, sleep, bard. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp (plus 100 gp for masterwork cithern), 80 XP, 2 days. 
MAGIC BEDROLL 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration, 

enchantment Activation: Full-round (manipulation); see text Weight: 6 lb. 
Artificer items: Cannith goggles, infinite scrollcase, spare hand 
This woolen sleeping bag is embroidered with stars and moons in silver and blue thread, and it smells of lavender. 
A magic bedroll grants you a comfortable and peaceful night's sleep. As long as you lie in it, you gain the benefit of an endure elements spell. After sleeping for 8 hours in the bedroll, you recover 1 hit point per character level, in addition to the hit points you recover normally. Getting into or out of a magic bedroll is a full-round action. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cure light wounds, endure elements. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 
MAGIC SIPHON 
Price (Item Level): 
25,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) abjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This short burgundy scepter has a spiral design running along its length and an open, clawlike sculpture at each end. 
A magic siphon drains the magical energy from existing spell effects, rendering them powerless and ineffective in the same manner that dispel magic would. Every creature adjacent to you when you activate a magic siphon is affected as though by a targeted greater dispel magic spell. This rod functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, greater dispel magic. Cost to Create: 12,500 gp, 1,000 XP, 25 days. 
MAP OF UNSEEN LANDS [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 5,200 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) evocation 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: — 

This rolled-up sheet of vellum is generally kept in a dark-colored scroll tube decorated with wagon wheel motifs. 
A map of unseen lands is a boon to caravans of halfling pilgrims, who use it to avoid danger and make their way through the wilderness. While holding the map, you gain a +5 competence bonus on Knowl­edge (geography) and Survival checks if you are neutral good, lawful good, chaotic good, or neutral. 
Relic Power: Once per day, if you have established the proper divine connection, you can command a map of unseen lands to spend 2 minutes redrawing itself. Doing so causes it to map the terrain within a 
Map of unseen lands 

10-mile radius with total accuracy but only middling detail. This ability doesn't function underground. 
When the redraw command is issued, the DM should spend no more than 2 minutes of real time sketching out a map, adding items from the following list in the given order of priority. 
•	
 General terrain features (mountains, rivers, and so forth), labeled if their names are widely known. 

•	
 Structures encompassing more than 5,000 square feet (castles, temples, and ruins), named either specifically ("For­tress of the Undying") or generally ("bardic college"). 

•	
 Structures important for travel (bridges, dungeon entrances, and magic portals), labeled only if they are unusual in some respect. 

•	
 Lairs of creatures of CR 12 or higher, labeled by creature type only. 


To use the relic power, you must worship Yondalla and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Lore: The first map of unseen lands was sketched out by Fharlanghn as a gift for Yondalla. Since then, she has occasion­
MEMENTO MAGICA Spell Slot Regained Price (Item Level) 1st 1,500 gp (5th) 2nd 6,000 gp (10th) 3rd 13,500 gp (14th) 4th 24,000 gp (15th) 5th 37,500 gp (17th) 6th 54,000 gp (18th) 
7th 73,500 gp (19th) 8th 96,000 gp (20th) 9th 121,500 gp (22nd) 
ally given one to a large tribe of halflings intending to strike out for new territory (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, discern location. 
Cost to Create: 2,700 gp, 208 XP, 6 days. 
MEMENTO MAGICA 
Price (Item Level): 
See table 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 17th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 23) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: — 

Carved into the shape of a dragon's scale, this piece of amethyst swirls with foggy images of runes. 
When activated, a memento magica allows 
you to regain any one spell slot that you 
have previously used this day. The spell 
slot is available just as if the spell had not 
been cast. A memento magica recalls a spell 
slot of the level it was created to hold. Dif­
ferent mementos magica exist for each level 
from 1st through 9th. 
A memento magica functions once per 
day. This item has no effect for spellcasters 
who prepare their spells. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous item, abil­
ity to spontaneously cast spells of the spell 
level to be regained. 
Cost to Create: See table. 

METAMAGIC RODS 
A metamagic rod holds the essence of a metamagic feat but does not change the spell slot of the altered spell. The metamagic rods presented here function in all respects as those described on page 236 of the Dungeon Masters Guide. 
Lesser and Greater Metamagic Rods: 
Normal metamagic rods can be used with spells of 6th level or lower. Lesser rods can be used with spells of 3rd level or lower, while greater rods can be used with spells of 9th level or lower. 
Cost to Create 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days 6,750 gp, 540 XP, 14 days 12,000 gp, 960 XP, 24 days 18,750 gp, 1,500 XP 38 days 27,000 gp, 2,160 XP, 54 days 36,750 gp, 2,940 XP, 74 days 48,000 gp, 3,840 XP, 96 days 60,750 gp, 4,860 XP, 122 days 

Metamagic Rod (Chaining) 
Price (Item Level): 14,000 gp (14th) (lesser); 54,000 gp (18th) (normal); 121,500 gp (22nd) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 17th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 23) no school 
Activation: — 
Weight: 3 lb. 

Sturdy chain links carved of metal and fused together form the haft of this sturdy rod. The head is a single ruby. 
You can cast up to three spells per day that are chained as though affected by the Chain Spell feat. 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Chain Spell (CAr 76). 
Cost to Create: 7,000 gp, 560 XP, 14 days (lesser); 27,000 gp, 2,160 XP, 54 days (normal); 60,750 gp, 4,860 XP, 122 days (greater). 
Metamagic Rod (Reach) 
Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) (lesser); 32,500 (16th) (normal); 73,000 (19th) (greater) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This thick iron rod has a handle wrapped in worn leather, and a small golden icon of an outstretched hand at its tip. 
You can cast up to three spells per day as though their ranges were affected by the Reach Spell feat. 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Reach Spell (CD 84). 
Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days (lesser); 16,250 gp, 1,300 XP, 33 days (normal); 36,500 gp, 2,920 XP, 73 days (greater) 
Metamagic Rod (Sculpting) 
Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) 
(lesser); 11,000 gp (13th) (normal); 
24,500 gp (15th) (greater) 

Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 17th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 23) no school 
Activation: — 
Weight: 3 lb. 
The haft of this elegant rod is sculpted of silvery 
metal in graceful curves. At its top glitters a 
faceted sapphire. 
Metamagic rod (sculpting) 
Metamagic rod 
(chaining) 

You can cast up to three spells per day whose areas are modified as though affected by the Sculpt Spell feat. 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Sculpt Spell (CAr 83). 
Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days (lesser); 5,500 gp, 440 XP, 11 days (normal); 12,250 gp, 980 XP, 25 days (greater). 
Metamagic Rod (Substitution) 
Price (Item Level): 2,700 gp (7th) 
(lesser); 10,500 gp (13th) (normal); 
24,300 gp (15th) (greater) 

Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 17th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 23) no school 
Activation: — 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This fragile-looking glass rod is filled with elemental energy—flickering flames, crackling electricity, churning green acid, or frosty rime, depending upon its type. 
Four different versions of this rod exist, each keyed to a different type of energy (acid, cold, electricity, or fire). Three times per day, you can cast a spell as though using the appropriate Energy Substitu­tion feat. 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Energy Sub­stitution (CAr 79) for the appropriate energy type. 
Cost to Create: 1,350 gp, 108 XP, 3 days (lesser); 5,250 gp, 420 XP, 11 days (normal); 12,150 gp, 972 XP, 25 days (greater). 
MIRROR OF SUGGESTION 
Price (Item Level): 3,600 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) enchantment 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 
Metamagic rod (reach) 
Metamagic rod (substitution) 

The tarnished pewter back and handle of this small hand mirror are engraved with complex swirling patterns. 
When activated, a mirror of suggestion must be held in such a way as to force a creature within 30 feet to see its own reflection. This functions as a gaze attack; any creature that fails a DC 14 Will save is subject to a suggestion made by the mirror's wielder. 
A mirror of suggestion functions two times per day, and each activation of the mirror can affect only a single creature. The mirror's wielder is immune to its effect. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, sugl gestion or psionic suggestion (EPH 133). Cost to Create: 1,800 gp, 144 XP, 4 days. 
MIRROR OF TIME HOP 
Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

This silver hand mirror is exceedingly smooth, even slippery, to the touch. 

When activated, a mirror of time hop must be held in such a way as to force a creature within 30 feet to see its own reflection. This functions as a gaze attack; any crea­ture that fails a DC 14 Will save is pushed 5 rounds forward in time. In effect, the creature disappears in a shimmer of silver energy, then reappears after the duration expires in the same position, orientation, and condition. From the creature's point of view, no time has passed. Any active effects on the creature simply resume when it appears as if no time had passed. The creature can act normally on its next turn after the effect ends. 
A mirror of time hop functions two times per day, and each activation of the mirror 
can affect only a single creature. A mirror's wielder is immune to her mirror's effect. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dimension door or time hop (EPH 137). Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days. 

NOBLE PENNON Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) Body Slot: —; see text Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) enchantment Activation: Immediate (mental) Weight: — 
A lion rampant adorns this narrow, finely 
woven streamer. 
At the touch of a paladin or knight (PH2 
24), the image on this narrow banner 
changes to represent the coat of arms 
of its bearer. Once claimed, it can be 
transferred to a new owner only if the 
current owner is willing or the current 
owner dies. A pennon can be attached 
to a lance, carried by a cohort or fol­
lower, or flown as a standard from a 
saddle or any fixed object. Mounting a 
pennon is a standard action. 
As long as a noble pennon flies within 
60 feet of the knight or paladin who owns 
it, the save DC for his knight's challenge increases by 1, and his smite evil attacks deal an extra 2 points of damage. 
In addition, a pennon has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Activating a pennon and spending 1 or more charges grants you a morale bonus on Fortitude or Will saves (your choice when activated) for 3 rounds. 
1 charge: +2 morale bonus. 
2 charges: +3 morale bonus. 3 charges: +4 morale bonus. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
heroism. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
OLLAMH HARP Price (Item Level): 50,100 gp (18th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 17th Aura: Strong; (DC 23) transmutation Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
This elongated green lap harp is strung with gold. Twinkling red rubies adorn its frame. 
This masterwork lap harp grants you a +2 circumstance bonus on Perform (string instruments) checks. If you have at least 14 ranks in Perform (string instruments), you can also command it to produce one of three spell effects (control weather, eyel bite, or repulsion), each once per day. 
If you pick up an Ollamh harp but do not have 14 or more ranks in Perform (string instruments), the instrument 
bestows one negative level on you, which persists for as long as you hold it. This negative level never results in actual level loss, but it cannot be overcome in any way 
Noble pennon 

(including restoration spells) while the 
instrument is held. Lore: See Anstruth harp (page 150). Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, conl 
trol weather, eyebite, repulsion, bard. Cost to Create: 25,000 gp (plus 100 gp for masterwork harp), 2,000 XP, 51 days. 
ORB OF BLINDING 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) illusion 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: — 

This round, fist-sized opalescent crystal glows faintly. 
An orb of blinding can emit a brilliant burst of light that blinds all creatures within a 15-foot cone for 1 round (Fort DC 16 negates). An orb of blinding can generate this effect three times per day, but it can't be activated in consecutive rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, color spray. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
ORB OF 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
ADAPTATION 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: — (held); see text 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: — 
Orb of environmental adaptation 

Aberrant sphere This transparent crystal sphere faintly glows green and is the size of a small plum. 
An orb of environmental adaptation provides a group of creatures relief from extreme environments. When you hold the orb in your hand and activate it, it transforms into a faintly glowing sphere of protection centered on you. The radius of this sphere can vary between 5 and 30 feet (and can be altered by you as a move action). All creatures and objects within the sphere take no harm from being in a hot or cold environment. They can exist comfort­ably in conditions between -5 0 and 140 degrees Fahrenheit, and their equipment is likewise protected. 
An orb of environmental adaptation func­tions for up to seven consecutive days, after which it is dormant for seven days. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, endure elements. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
ORB OF MENTAL RENEWAL 
Price (Item Level): 3,100 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This orb of bronze and gold shines like the sun rising over the desert. 
An orb of mental renewal allows you to heal mental ability damage taken by yourself 
Orb of mental renewal 
Orb of blinding 

or another. To use the orb, you must hold it while touching the target to be affected (or merely hold the orb, if affecting your­self). The orb has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges heals damage to one or more mental ability scores. 
1 charge: Heal 4 points of Int, Wis, or Cha damage (your choice), or 2 points of damage to all three ability scores. 
2 charges: Heal 6 points of Int, Wis, or Cha damage (your choice), or 3 points of damage to all three ability scores. 
3 charges: Heal 8 points of Int, Wis, or Cha damage (your choice), or 4 points of damage to all three ability scores. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, lesser restoration. Cost to Create: 1,550 gp, 124 XP, 4 days. 
PEARL OF BRAIN LOCK Price (Item Level): 900 gp (4th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) enchantment Activation: Standard (thrown) Weight: — 
This tiny pearl is engraved with the draconic symbol for the mind. 
You can hurl a pearl of brain lock as a ranged touch attack with a range increment of 10 feet. If the target fails a DC 13 Will saving throw, the pearl seems to impact and then enter the flesh of the creature, dazing it for 3 rounds. This is a mind-affecting ability. 
Globe of sunlight 

A flying creature affected by a pearl of brain lock is allowed to descend to the near­est safe, level area rather than be dazed, while a swimmer incapable of breathing water is allowed to head directly for the surface. In either case, the creature is dazed for the remaining duration once it has reached safety. 
Once activated, a pearl is expended and cannot be used again. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, daze monster or brain lock (EPH 81). Cost to Create: 450 gp, 36 XP, 1 day. 
PEARL OF BREATH CRISIS 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) enchantment 
Activation: Standard (thrown) 
Weight: — 
A draconic rune representing the body has been carefully engraved on this small pearl. 
You can hurl a pearl of breath crisis as a ranged touch attack with a range incre­ment of 10 feet. If it strikes a humanoid that fails a DC 14 Will saving throw, the pearl seems to impact and then enter the flesh of the creature, compelling it to purge itself of breath. For the next 5 rounds, the creature can continue to breathe only by taking a standard action each round to do so. This is a mind-affect­ing ability. 
At the end of each of the target's turns in which it chooses not to consciously take a breath, it must succeed on a DC 14 Fortitude save or begin to suffocate, fall­ing to 0 hit points and potentially dying in later rounds (DMG 304), as long as the duration continues. If the effect ends before a suffocating creature has died, the creature is no longer considered to be suffocating. 
Once activated, a pearl is 

expended and cannot be used 
again. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous 

Item, suggestion or crisis of breath 
(EPH 89). 
Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 
2 days. 

PERSONAL OASIS Price (Item Level): 4,600 gp (9th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration, evocation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
A brightly colored oasis complete with fruit-bearing desert trees and bright blue water covers the surface of this woven blanket. It smells slightly of old incense. 
When you unroll this 10-foot-by-10-foot blanket and activate it, a 5-foot-by-10-foot tent springs from the blanket, along with a campfire, a bowl of dates, and a gallon of cool water. The tent functions in all ways as a Leomund's tiny hut spell. The campfire burns continuously, never needing fuel, and the dates provide enough food to sus­tain a person for one day. When you speak the command word again, a personal oasis rolls back up into blanket form. 
A personal oasis functions once per day for up to 10 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, create food and water, Leomund's tiny hut, produce flame. 
Cost to Create: 2,300 gp, 184 XP, 5 days. 

PIPES OF FRENZIED REVELRY [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 3,100 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) enchantment 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
Pipes of frenzied revelry 
This set of pan pipes is made of hollowed-out reeds lashed together with sturdy vines. Somel where on the surface of each reed is the symbol of Olidammara. 
When you play these pipes, you gain a +5 competence bonus on Perform (wind instruments) checks if you are chaotic neutral, neutral, chaotic good, or chaotic evil. 
Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, you can attempt a DC 25 Perform (wind instru­ments) check each round that you are playing the pipes. If you succeed, every living creature within 30 feet must make a successful DC 16 Will save or be affected as if by a confusion spell, with one excep­tion: Whenever the die roll calls for the subject to attack another creature, the subject instead makes a mildly amorous advance (such as an embrace or kiss) toward the target creature. For each affected creature, this effect lasts as long as the piping continues (a standard action each round) and you are within 30 feet of that creature at the end of your turn. If your playing is interrupted, or you fail a Perform check and then resume piping with a successful check, every creature within 30 feet can make a new save attempt. Subjects that successfully save are immune to the pipes of frenzied revelry for the next 24 hours. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Olidammara and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Lore: These pipes were originally cre­ated by a secretive order of bard/clerics devoted to Olidammara. For the past sev­eral centuries, members of the order have distributed them to musically inclined followers of the deity (Knowledge [reli­gion] DC 15). 
Rumor holds that a satyr named Elovan 
came into possession of a set of these 
pipes and used them to woo a fair 
princess while she was on a picnic 
in the woods with her court. Since 
then, members of that nation's royal 
family have occasionally displayed 
odd physical quirks, such as unusu­
ally hairy legs and vestigial horns, 
as well as an unusual aptitude 
for music (Knowledge [religion] 
DC 20). Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, confusion. Cost to Create: 1,550 gp, 124 XP, 4 days. 

PORCUPINE ELIXIR 
Price (Item Level): 800 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: — 

The liquid in this vial is dark brown, shot through with vertical threads of white and tan. 
Imbibing porcupine elixir tough­ens your skin, granting you a +1 enhancement bonus to your exist­ing natural armor bonus. (A creature without natural armor has an effective natural armor bonus of +0.) In addi­tion, hundreds of needle-sharp quills sprout from your body. These quills enable you to deal 1d6 points of pierc­ing damage with a successful grapple attack. The quills sprout through light armor or hide armor, but heavier armors prevent them from growing. The effect of this elixir lasts for 12 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, alter self, Craft (alchemy) 5 ranks. Cost to Create: 400 gp, 32 XP, 1 day. 
PORTABLE FOXHOLE 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: — 

A row of tiny runes lines the edge of this matte black piece of circular canvas. 
When placed on a flat surface, a portable foxhole creates a shallow extradimensional pit 5 feet square and 3 feet deep. A foxhole provides cover against ranged attacks. Any items or creatures in a portable foxhole when it is picked up (another standard action) are dumped out unharmed in the space the foxhole occupied. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, move earth. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
POWDER OF THE BLACK VEIL 
Price (Item Level): 750 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) necromancy 
Activation: Standard (thrown) 
Weight: — 

The effec t of a porcupine elixir is dramatic 
This sooty, black powder comes in a small tin, which is set with pieces of jet in the shape of dark-colored goggles. 
When you cast this sooty, black powder into an area, it creates a 10-foot-high cloud in a 10-foot spread, centered on you (but not moving with you). The cloud remains for 2d4 rounds, and any creature, other than you, caught in the area (or one that enters it) is blinded for as long as it stays in the cloud and for 1d4 rounds after it leaves (Will DC 13 negates). 
Once activated, a dose of this powder is expended and cannot be used again. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, blindness/deafness. Cost to Create: 375 gp, 30 XP, 1 day. 
PSYCHOACTIVE SKIN 
This fist-sized blob of murky ectoplasm shiml mers faintly in the light. 
Once a psychoactive skin is donned, the 
ball unfolds, extends, and surrounds a 
Medium or smaller wearer's entire body 
in a variegated second skin, granting the 
wearer access to a particular array of abili­
ties (see below). Donning a psychoactive 
skin requires a mental command as a 
standard action. 

A deployed skin completely covers the 
wearer and all his equipment, but allows 
him to see, hear, and breathe normally. It 
rolls away from various parts of the body 

as needed, such as when the wearer needs to eat or access a backpack. Held items or items specifically excluded are not covered up. 
Up to three skins can be worn 
simultaneously, although only the outermost is active in any given round 
(the powers of the hidden skins cannot be activated or accessed). Skin layers 

can be changed as a standard (mental) action, which causes the desired lower-layer skin to come to the surface. 
Skin of the Celestial 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp 
(10th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) 
transmutation Activation: Swift (mental) Weight: 2 lb. 
Once activated, the stainless white skin of the celestial bathes you in a shimmering golden halo. 
When activated, this skin grants you the following abilities for 7 rounds (if you already have one of these abilities, use your own values if higher): 
•	
 Damage reduction 5/magic. 

•	
 Darkvision 60 feet. 

•	
 Resistance to acid 10, cold 10, and elec­tricity 10. 

•	
 Smite Evil (Su): Once during the skin's duration, you can attempt a normal melee attack to deal an extra 10 points of damage against an evil foe. If you accidentally smite a creature that is not evil, or if your smite attack misses, the smite has no effect, but the ability is still used up for that day. 

•	
 Spell resistance 15. 


A skin of the celestial functions once per day. At the end of its duration, it falls dormant until the following dawn. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, lesser holy transformation (SC 116) or planar apol theosis (CP 93). 
Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
Skin of Celestial Embrace 
Price (Item Level): 24,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 15th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This iridescent white skin bathes you in a shiml mering golden halo when activated. 
When activated, a skin of celestial embrace grants you the following abilities for 15 rounds (if you already have any of these abilities, use your own values if higher): • +4 bonus on Fortitude saves against 
poison. 

•	
 Damage reduction 10/magic. 

•	
 Darkvision 60 feet. 

•	
 Feathered wings that allow you to fly at twice your base land speed with good maneuverability. 

•	
 Immunity to disease. 

•	
 Resistance to acid 10, cold 10, and elec­tricity 10. 

•	
 Smite Evil (Su): Once during the skin's duration, you can attempt a normal melee attack to deal an extra 15 points of damage against an evil foe. If you accidentally smite a creature that is not evil, or if your smite attack misses, the smite has no effect, but the ability is still used up for that day. 

•	
 Spell resistance 25. 


A skin of celestial embrace functions once per day. At the end of its duration, it falls dormant until the following dawn. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, holy transformation (SC 116) or planar embrace (CP 94). 
Cost to Create: 12,000 gp, 960 XP, 24 days. 
Skin of the Chameleon Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation Activation: — Weight: 2 lb. 
This skin adjusts its color and texture according to your surroundings. 
A skin of the chameleon adjusts to your sur­rounding textures and colors, continually granting you a +10 competence bonus on Hide checks. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, darkl ness or chameleon (EPH 82). Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
Skin of the Claw 
Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This skin ripples with suppressed power once worn. 
A shin of the claw benefits you only if you are a psychic warrior. If you are a psychic warrior and you wear this skin, you can transform your hands into deadly claws. You gain two primary natural claw attacks, each dealing 1d6 points of damage (if you are Medium) plus your Strength modifier. You can't combine these claw attacks with other weapon or natural weapon attacks as part of the same full attack action. You can return your hands to their previous form with another swift (mental) action. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, claws of the bear (SC 47) or claws of the beast (EPH 83). 
Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 

Skin of the Defender Price (Item Level): 32,000 gp (16th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 2 lb. 
This thick, rough skin gives your body an appearance similar to tree bark. 
This skin continually grants a +4 enhance­ment bonus to your natural armor bonus. (A creature without natural armor has an effective natural armor bonus of +0.) 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, barkskin or thicken skin (EPH 137). Cost to Create: 16,000 gp, 1,280 XP, 32 days. 

Skin of Ectoplasmic Armor Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration Activation: — Weight: 2 lb. 
This silvery, translucent skin appears to surl round you in a suit of crystalline plates. 
This skin grants you a +8 armor bonus. The skin has a maximum Dexterity bonus of +2, a -6 armor check penalty, and a 25% arcane spell failure chance. It is treated as light armor for the purpose of affecting class features and movement. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, mage armor or inertial armor (EPH 113). Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 

Skin of the Fiend 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This deep red skin raises tiny horns from your forehead. 
When activated, a skin of the fiend grants you the following abilities for 7 rounds (if you already have any of these abilities, use your own values if higher): 
•	
 Damage reduction 5/magic. 

•	
 Darkvision 60 feet. 

•	
 Resistance to cold 10 and fire 10. 

•	
 Smite Good (Su): Once during the skin's duration, you can attempt a normal melee attack to deal an extra 10 points of damage against a good foe. If you accidentally smite a creature that is not good, or if your smite attack misses, the smite has no effect, but the ability is still used up for that day. 

•	
 Spell resistance 15. 


A skin of the fiend functions once per day. At the end of its duration, it falls dormant until the following dawn. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, lesser infernal transformation (SC 122) or planar apotheosis (CP 93). 
Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 

Skin of Fiendish Embrace Price (Item Level): 24,000 gp (15th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) transmutation Activation: Swift (mental) Weight: 2 lb. 
This glistening, blood-red skin raises horns the color of bloodied bones from your forehead. 
When activated, a skin of fiendish embrace grants you the following abilities for 15 rounds (if you already have any of these abilities, use your own values if higher): 

•	
 Damage reduction 10/magic. 

•	
 Darkvision 60 feet. 

•	
 Batlike wings that allow you to fly at your base land speed with average maneuverability. 

•	
 Claws: Two primary claw attacks that each deal ld6 points of damage (assum­ing you are Medium). 

•	
 Immunity to poison. 

•	
 Resistance to acid 10, cold 10, electricity 10, and fire 10. 

•	
 Smite Good (Su): Once during the skin's duration, you can attempt a normal melee attack to deal an extra 15 points of damage against a good foe. If you accidentally smite a creature that is not good, or if your smite attack misses, the smite has no effect, but the ability is still used up for that day. 

•	
 Spell resistance 25. 


A skin of fiendish embrace functions once per day. At the end of its duration, it falls dormant until the following dawn. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, inferl nal transformation (SC 122) or planar embrace (CP 94). 
Cost to Create: 12,000 gp, 
960 XP, 24 days. 

Skin of Fiery Response 
Price (Item Level): 
60,000 gp (18th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 

Once donned, this skin pulses with occasional bursts of energy the color of flame. 
A skin of fiery response answers the first melee or ranged attack made against you in each round with a targeted blast against the attacker. The blast of fire emits from the skin at the start of your next turn, making a ranged touch attack against the attacker if within line of sight and line of effect (up to a maximum distance of 40 feet). You must also be able to identify the source of the attack. For instance, if the attack comes from a foe that is hiding or invisible, the attacker cannot be identified and is not targeted by the effect. The ranged touch attack uses your base attack bonus plus either your Dexterity modifier or the key ability modifier of your high­
est-level spellcasting class (your choice) and deals 4d6+4 points of fire damage. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, scorching ray or energy retort (EPH 137). Cost to Create: 30,000 gp, 2,400 XP, 60 days. 
Skin of the Hero 
Price (Item Level): 77,000 gp (19th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 18th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 24) no school 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This skin gives your body a silvery hue. 
This skin continually grants its wearer a +3 deflection bonus to Armor Class, a +3 resistance bonus on saving throws, and a +3 enhancement bonus on attack rolls. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, liml ited wish or bend reality (EPH 80). Cost to Create: 38,500 gp, 3,080 XP, 77 days. 
Psychoactive skin 

Skin of Iron Price (Item Level): 40,000 gp (17th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 15th Aura: Strong; (DC 22) transmutation Activation: Swift (mental) Weight: 2 lb. 
Your body turns a uniform gray color while this skin is worn and active. 
When activated, this skin grants you the benefit of the iron body spell with a duration of 15 minutes. At the end of its duration, it falls dormant until the fol­lowing dawn. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, iron body. Cost to Create: 20,000 gp, 1,600 XP, 40 days. 
Skin of Nimbleness Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 8th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 2 lb. 
This skin is supportive and slightly tacky. 
This skin continually grants you a +10 competence bonus on Tumble checks. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Tumble 10 ranks. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
Skin of Power Damping 
Price (Item Level): 
10,000 gp (12th) 

Body Slot: — Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) 
abjuration 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

Your body has a faint blue cast while you wear this translucent skin. 
This skin provides no benefits while worn unless it is activated. When it is activated, all numeric effects of any spell, spell­like ability, power, or psi-like ability that affects you (whether harmful or benefi­cial) are minimized for you (but not for any other creatures affected by the spell, power, or ability) for 1 round. 
For example, if you were struck by a lightning bolt from a 5th-level wizard, you would take only 5 points of damage (or 2 points if you successfully save). 
A skin of power damping functions three times per day. At the end of its duration, it falls dormant until the following dawn. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, antil magic field or damp power (CP 82). Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
Skin of the Psion Price (Item Level): 90,000 gp (20th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 13th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) abjuration Activation: — Weight: 2 lb. 
This psychoactive skin glows pale blue with power when active. 
This skin grants you 7 additional power points per day and spell resistance 21. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, spell resistance or power resistance (EPH 124). Cost to Create: 45,000 gp, 3,600 XP, 90 days. 
Skin of the Spider Price (Item Level): 40,000 gp (17th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — and standard (mental) Weight: 2 lb. 
This midnight-blue skin is highlighted with a red spiderweb pattern and large black-rimmed white eyes. 
This skin grants you a +10 competence bonus on Climb checks. The skin also automatically adjusts your body's equi­librium to correspond with any solid or liquid upon which you stand. This allows you to move (but not run) across water, quicksand, or even a spider's web at your normal speed. These are continuous effects and require no activation. 
Three times per day, you can fire a glob of goo at a Medium or smaller target within 30 feet as a ranged touch attack. If successful, the target is entangled for 5 rounds (Strength DC 20 or Escape Artist DC 20 to escape). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, water walk or body equilibrium (EPH 124), web or entangling ectoplasm (EPH 104), Climb 10 ranks. 
Cost to Create: 20,000 gp, 1,600 XP, 40 days. 
Skin of the Troll Price (Item Level): 61,000 gp (18th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 17th Aura: Strong; (DC 23) conjuration Activation: — Weight: 2 lb. 
Your body appears rough, cracked, and covered with blemishes as long as you wear this skin. 
This skin heals you of 5 points of damage per minute. This benefit is not effective against damage from starvation, thirst, or suffocation. The skin also regrows lost portions of your body and allows you to reattach severed limbs. 
If you don't have a Constitution score, a 
skin of the troll has no effect on you. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
regenerate or true metabolism (EPH 124). Cost to Create: 30,500 gp, 2,440 XP, 
61 days. 
Quiver of 
energy 


QUIVER OF ENERGY Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. (3 lb. when full) 
Constructed of supple leather, this quiver is festooned with arcane symbols. 
A quiver of energy can hold up to 20 arrows or bolts. Each quiver imbues arrows or bolts drawn from it with a particular type of energy (acid, cold, electricity, or fire), indicated by the arcane symbols it bears. Such projectiles, if left within the quiver for at least 1 round before being drawn, deal an extra 1d6 points of the appropriate type of damage. 
The projectile loses this extra damage after it is used in an attack, or 1 round after it is drawn (whichever comes first). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, energy missile (CP 88) or the appropriate spell from the following: lightning bolt, ice storm, fireball, or Melf's acid arrow. 
Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 

RADIANT SPHERE 
Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation 
Activation: See text 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This bright yellow crystal globe feels faintly warm to the touch. 
These spheres are prized possessions 
of priests who worship a god of sun or light. As long as at least 1 charge remains (see below), a radiant sphere continuously sheds bright illumination in a 20-foot radius and shadowy illumination out to 20 feet beyond that. This effect requires no activation. 
A radiant sphere has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges as a standard (command) action creates a ray of pure light that extends up to 60 feet. The ray requires a successful ranged touch attack. 
1 charge: The ray deals 4d6 points of damage to any undead creature it hits. 2 charges: The ray deals 6d6 points of damage to any undead creature it hits. 
3 charges: The ray deals 6d6 points of damage to any undead creature it hits, as well as 2d6 points of damage to each undead creature within 10 feet of the target (no save). 
While holding a sphere, you can recharge it by expending a daily use of your turn undead ability or sacrificing a spell with the light descriptor. This is a full-round (manipulation) action. Each expended spell or turn undead attempt adds 1 charge to the sphere, up to its maxi­mum of 3 charges. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dayl light, searing light, turn undead. Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 4 days. 

REPLENISHING SKIN 
Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 4 lb. 

This waterskin looks to be made from the hide of a lizard or toad. It is moist to the touch, as if the skin were still alive. 
Whenever a replenishing skin becomes empty, it slowly refills with cool, pure water over a period of 1d4 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, create water. Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 
RHINO ELIXIR 
Price (Item Level): 1,600 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (manipulation) 
Weight: — 

This vial holds a light gray liquid. Curling layers of lighter and darker colors within it give the impression of wrinkles and folds. 
Drinking rhino elixir causes your skin to thicken and turn gray, granting you a +3 enhancement bonus to your existing natural armor bonus. (A creature without natural armor has an effective natural armor bonus of +0.) In addition, you gain a +1 bonus on melee damage rolls. These effects last for 12 hours. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, alter self, Craft (alchemy) 5 ranks. Cost to Create: 800 gp, 64 XP, 2 days. 
Jumping caltrops 
ROD OF BODILY RESTORATION 
Price (Item Level): 3,100 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (command and 

manipulation) 
Weight: 4 lb. 

Dawn motifs are worked into this leather-wrapped rod. 
A rod of bodily restoration allows you to heal physical ability damage. To use the rod, you must touch the target to be affected (or merely hold the rod, if affecting yourself). The rod has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges heals damage to one or more of the target's physical ability scores. 
1 charge: Heal 4 points of Str, Dex, or Con damage (your choice), or 2 points of damage to all three ability scores. 
2 charges: Heal 6 points of Str, Dex, or Con damage (your choice), or 3 points of damage to all three ability scores. 
3 charges: Heal 8 points of Str, Dex, or Con damage (your choice), or 4 points of damage to all three ability scores. 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, lesser restoration. Cost to Create: 1,550 gp, 124 XP, 4 days. 
Replenishing skin 
ROD OF ESCAPE 
Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 

Weight: 2 lb. 
Fragile in appearance, this rod is shaped like a long thin ladder. 
A rod of escape allows you to use jump and knock (as the spells) each two times per day Also, once per day you can create a 5-foot-radius spherical ward that repels open water or other nonmagical water-based liquids (but not creatures), allowing you to cross shallow rivers or fully enter deep bodies of water and remain dry. The rod generates fresh air within this space, so no chance of suffocation exists. This effect lasts for 10 minutes. 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, control water, jump, knock. Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 70 XP, 4 days. 
ROD OF FORCE Price (Item Level): 60,000 gp (18th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 13th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation Activation: See text Weight: 1 lb. 
True light lantern 
Troll gut rope 
Conduit Harrow rod Flesheater rod 

This black iron rod is 18 inches long and a half inch wide. It hums with suppressed power. 
A rod of force can be used five times per day. Each time you activate this rod, you can choose to create one of the following effects. 
Blade of Force: Upon command, a 3­foot-long glowing blade of force springs forth from the rod. This "blade" can be used as a +1 brilliant energy longsword and lasts for 10 rounds. Activating this power is a swift (command) action. 
Blast of Force: Upon command, a ray of force projects from the rod out to a maximum distance of 100 feet. This ranged touch attack deals 10d6 points of damage. Activating this power is a stan­dard (command) action. 
Wall of Force: This effect functions as the spell. Activating this power is a standard (command) action. 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, magic missile, Mordenkainen's sword, wall of force. Cost to Create: 30,000 gp, 2,400 XP, 60 days. 
ROD OF FROST Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 5 lb. 
Rod of Magic Rod of 
frost siphon force 

This 2-foot-long rod of steel-hard, ice-blue glass is bound with iron bands. 

A rod of frost emits a beam of cold that can create a variety of effects. 
Three times per day, you can fire a 30­foot line of frost from the rod. The line of frost deals 2d6 points of cold damage to all creatures in the area (Reflex DC 14 half). Natural fires in the area of the line are automatically extinguished, and open water in the area of the line freezes to a depth of 1 foot—thick enough for a Large creature to walk upon safely. The ice melts normally. 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, ray of frost. 
Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 

ROD OF FUMBLING Price (Item Level): 2,300 gp (6th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) enchantment Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
A spiral groove runs the length of this 3-foot­long, gray lacquered wooden rod. 
A rod of fumbling instills sudden clum­siness in a nearby creature. When you activate the rod, a chosen creature within 30 feet must immediately drop all items it holds (without waiting until its turn). A successful DC 15 Will save negates the 
effect. This is an enchantment (compul­sion), mind-affecting ability. A rod of fumbling functions two times 
per day. Prerequisites: Craft Rod, command. Cost to Create: 1,150 gp, 92 XP, 3 days. 

ROD OF GRIEVOUS WOUNDS 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) necromancy 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

Every inch of this long, stark white ivory scepter is adorned with abstract carvings. The tiny lines of the engraved symbols twist and twine together to form one complete and complex design. 
When activated, a rod of grievous wounds deals 1d8+5 points of damage to each crea­ture adjacent to you that has fewer than its full normal hit points. 
A rod of grievous wounds functions five times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Rod, mass inflict light wounds. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 

ROD OF REVERSAL [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) abjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) 

and — 
Weight: 5 lb. 

This steel rod looks like a length of thick chain, but its links are fixed in place, preventing it from bending even slightly. 
Though they were created for arcane spellcasters who engaged in frequent magical duels, these rods are also a boon to anyone who battles spellcasters. When you wield a rod of reversal, you can command it to automatically reflect the next three levels of spells that target you, as if you were under a lesser version of a spell turnl ing spell, provided that you are neutral, neutral good, neutral evil, chaotic neutral, or lawful neutral. This ability functions three times per day. 
Turning a spell changes the rod's color, depending on the school of the spell turned, as given on the following table. 

School  Color  
Abjuration  Blue  
Conjuration  Yellow  
Divination  Indigo  
Enchantment  Green  
Evocation  Red  
Illusion  Violet  
Necromancy  Black  
Transmutation  Orange  

Relic Power: If you have established the proper divine connection, a rod of reversal instead reflects the next nine levels of spells cast at you when it is acti­vated. It also continuously grants you the Improved Counterspell feat. 
To use the relic power, you must worship Boccob and either sacrifice an 8th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 15 HD. 
Lore: These rods were originally cre­ated by an elite group of wizards with a penchant for magical dueling. In the centuries since, they have come into the possession of mage hunters as well as magical duelists (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Sanctify Relic, spell turning. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
ROD OF SILENCE 
Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) evocation 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This 4-foot-long rod of black metal bears the impression of a single cat's paw at one rounded end. 
While holding this rod, you gain a +4 bonus on saving throws against effects that have the sonic descriptor or that deal sonic damage. 
Once per day, you can surround your­self with a field of silence, which functions as a silence spell except it affects only you and can be dismissed as a free (mental) action on your turn. 
The rod can also create a shout effect once per day, although this ability cannot be used while the silence effect is in operation. 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, shout, silence, resistance. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
Rod of reversal 

ROD OF SLIDING 
Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

Small magnets are set into the ends of this iron rod. 
When activated, this rod can either push a targeted creature 5 feet farther away from you or pull it 5 feet closer to you. The target must be within 30 feet of you and must end its movement in an unoc­cupied square. The movement does not provoke attacks of opportu­nity. An unwilling creature is 
entitled to a DC 11 Will saving throw to negate the effect. A rod of sliding functions three times 
per day. Prerequisites: Craft Rod, slide (SC 191). Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 
ROD OF SURE 
STRIKING 
Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) divination 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

A pale blue crystal adorns each end of this silvery rod. 
When you activate a rod of sure striking, every ally adjacent to you gains a +5 insight bonus on its next attack roll, provided that the attack occurs before the beginning of your next turn. 
A rod of sure striking functions three 
times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Rod, true strike. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
ROD OF TRANSPOSITION 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

Small bolts of lightning arc from one end of this engraved copper rod to the other. 
When you activate a rod of transpol sition, you exchange positions with another creature within 30 feet. An unwilling creature gets a DC 13 Will 
saving throw to negate this effect. A rod of transposition functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Rod, baleful transposil tion (SC 23). Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
ROD OF UNDEAD MASTERY 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 3 lb. 
Rod of sure striking 
This metal rod is fashioned to reseml ble a stack of miniature skulls. 
While holding a rod of undead mastery, you can control twice as many Hit Dice of undead as you normally could. For instance, if you can normally control 12 HD of undead, you can control 24 HD of undead while holding the rod. 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, desecrate. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 

ROD OF VISCID GLOBS 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp 
(6th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) 

transmutation 
Activation: Standard 
(command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

An ooze of amber fluid leaks from this 
strangely sappy mahogany rod. The rod's surface is carved with tumorous bumps and weeping cysts. 
A rod of viscid globs fires a sphere of sticky material that acts like a tanglefoot bag. The rod can fire a glob up to 100 feet, and a glob acts as a splash weapon. 
A rod of viscid globs can be used three 
times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Rod, entangle. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 

ROPE OF CLIMBING, SUPERIOR 
Price (Item Level): 5,500 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 


Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 
This thick length of knotted rope is slightly sticky to the touch. 
This item functions like a rope of climbing (DMG 266), except that it also grants a +5 circumstance bonus on Climb checks made to ascend it. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, animate rope. Cost to Create: 2,750 gp, 220 XP, 6 days. 
Rod of silence Rod of sliding 
Rod of 
undead 

Rod of 
mastery Soul anchor 
viscid globs 
ROPE OF STONE 
Price (Item Level): 800 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 5 lb. 
This 50-foot coil of silk rope has a silvery sheen. 
This silk rope becomes as hard as stone (hardness 8, 15 hp) when you speak the command word (but remains just as climbable as normal). A second command word returns the rope to its normal com­position. The rope retains its exact shape when hardened (which adds 5 to the DC of Escape Artist checks made to slip free of it). If the rope is ever broken in either form, it is destroyed. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, stone shape. Cost to Create: 400 gp, 32 XP, 1 day. 

RUNESTAFF OF ABJURATION 
Price (Item Level): 32,000 gp (16th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) abjuration 

Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 
This roughly carved staff is made from the heartwood of an ancient tree. 
A runestaff of abjuration allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 dismissal 

•	
 dispel magic 

•	
 lesser globe of invulnerability 

•
 repulsion 

•	
 resist energy 

•	
 shield 


Prerequisites: Craft Staff, disl missal, dispel magic, lesser globe of invulnerability, repulsion, resist energy, shield. 
Cost to Create: 16,000 gp, 1,280 XP, 32 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF THE ARCHITECT 
Price (Item Level): 30,000 gp 
(16th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation Activation: As spell used Weight: 5 lb. 
This staff is made of oak shod with iron. 
A runestaff of the architect allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 move earth 

•	
 stone shape 

•	
 wall of stone 

•	
 wood shape Prerequisites: Craft Staff, move earth, stone shape, wall of stone, wood shape. 


Cost to Create: 15,000 gp, 1,200 XP, 30 days. 

RUNESTAFF OF THE ARTISAN 
Price (Item Level): 23,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration, 

transmutation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 5 lb. 


This extremely well-crafted staff is gilded in gold. It bears a small rune of a hand at the center of its length. 
A runestaff of the artisan allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•
 fabricate 

•	
 major creation 

•
 mending 

•	
 minor creation Prerequisites: Craft Staff, fabricate, major creation, mending, minor creation 


Cost to Create: 11,500 gp, 920 XP, 23 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF THE ASSASSIN 
Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 21) illusion 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 3 lb. 
This simple, slim staff is only 4 feet long. It is fastened to a leather strap to make it easy to sling over your shoulder. It bears a small rune of a dagger on one end. 
A runestaff of the assassin allows you to cast any of the following spells (each two times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•
 greater invisibility 
• obscuring mist 


•	
 pass without trace 

•
 poison 


Prerequisites: Craft Staff, greater invisl ibility, obscuring mist, pass without trace, poison. 
Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF CACOPHONY 
Price (Item Level): 26,000 gp (16th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 16th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 23) evocation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 3 lb. 
This thin, iron staff is forked at one end. A rune depicting a warped musical note is inscribed below the fork. 
A runestaff of cacophony allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 shout 


•	
 shout, greater 

•	
 sound burst 


•	
 sympathetic vibration Prerequisites: Craft Staff, greater shout, shout, sound burst, sympathetic vibration. 


Cost to Create: 13,000 gp, 1,040 XP, 26 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF CHARMING 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 21) enchantment 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 

This twisting and ornately carved staff is shaped from brightly colored tropical wood. 
A runestaff of charming allows you to cast either of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 charm monster 

•	
 charm person Prerequisites: Craft Staff, charm monster, 


charm	 person. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF CONJURATION 
Price (Item Level): 25,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 

This ash staff bears a number of ornate runes depicting animals. 
A runestaff of conjuration allows you to cast any of the following spells (each two times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•
 cloudkill 


•	
 minor creation 

•	
 stinking cloud 

•	
 summon monster VI 

•	
 summon swarm 

•	
 unseen servant 


Prerequisites: Craft Staff, cloudkill, minor creation, stinking cloud, summon monster VI, summon swarm, unseen servant. 
Cost to Create: 12,500 gp, 1,000 XP, 25 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF DESTRUCTION 
Price (Item Level): 27,000 gp (16th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 15th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) evocation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This staff is very long and made of marble. Despite appearances, it is extremely light. It bears a small rune of a shattered mask on the top end. 
A runestaff of destruction allows you to cast any of the following spells (each once per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•
 disintegrate 

•
 earthquake 

•	
 shatter Prerequisites: Craft Staff, disintegrate, earthquake, shatter. 


Cost to Create: 13,500 gp, 1080 XP, 27 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF DIVINATION 
Price (Item Level): 21,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 13th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 21) divination 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 2 lb. 
This forked staff is made of supple willow. A rune of an eye sits below the fork. 
A runestaff of divination allows you to cast any of the following spells (each two times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 detect secret doors 

•	
 locate creature 

•	
 locate object 

•	
 prying eyes 

•
 tongues 

•	
 true seeing 



Prerequisites: Craft Staff, detect secret 
doors, locate creature, locate object, prying eyes, 
tongues, true seeing. 
Cost to Create: 10,500 gp, 840 XP, 21 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF EARTH AND STONE 
Price (Item Level): 24,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 

This short staff is carved of almost unbreakable gray stone, tipped on one end with a fist-sized emerald that gleams with smoldering power. 
A runestaff of earth and stone allows you to cast either of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a pre­pared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 move earth 

•	
 passwall Prerequisites: Craft Staff, move earth, passwall. 


Cost to Create: 12,000 gp, 960 XP, 24 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF ENCHANTMENT 
Price (Item Level): 32,000 gp (16th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 13th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 21) enchantment 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 3 lb. 
This applewood staff is capped with a clear zircon crystal. It has a small rune depicting clasped hands. 
A runestaff of enchantment allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 crushing despair 

•	
 mass suggestion 

•	
 mind fog 

•	
 sleep 

•
 suggestion 

•	
 Tasha's hideous laughter 


Prerequisites: Craft Staff, crushing despair, mass suggestion, mind fog, sleep, suggestion, Tasha's hideous laughter. 
Cost to Create: 16,000 gp, 1,280 XP, 32 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF 
ENTRAPMENT 
Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: —(held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) abjuration, 

evocation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 

This 4-foot-long staff of brass is covered in ancient carvings. 
A runestaff of entrapment allows you to cast either of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 dimensional anchor 

•	
 Otiluke's resilient sphere Prerequisites: Craft Staff, dimensional anchor, Otiluke's resilient sphere. 


Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 

RUNESTAFF OF ETHEREAL ACTION 
Price (Item Level): 31,300 gp (16th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 14th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) transmutation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 

This long staff is made of white wood and adorned with three silver bands. 

A runestaff of ethereal action is a +1/masterl work ghost touch quarterstaff that also allows you to cast either of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 blink 

•	
 ethereal jaunt Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Staff, blink, ethereal jaunt. 


Cost to Create: 15,500 gp (plus 300 gp for masterwork quarterstaff), 1,240 XP, 31 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF EVOCATION 
Price (Item Level): 25,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 3 lb. 
This smooth, yew staff has a rune of an arrow halfway down its length. 
A runestaff of evocation allows you to cast any of the following spells (each two times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 chain lightning 

•	
 fireball 

•	
 ice storm 

•	
 magic missile 

•	
 shatter 

•	
 wall of force 


Prerequisites: Craft Staff, chain lightning, fireball, ice storm, magic missile, shatter, wall of fire. 
Cost to Create: 12,500 gp, 1,000 XP, 25 days. 

RUNESTAFF OF EYES 
Price (Item Level): 11,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) divination 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 

This spiraling staff is covered with silver inlay and topped with a large piece of amber. 
A runestaff of eyes allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 arcane eye 

•	
 remove blindness/deafness 

•	
 see invisibility Prerequisites: Craft Staff, arcane eye, remove blindness/deafness, see invisibility. 


Cost to Create: 5,500 gp, 440 XP, 11 days. 

RUNESTAFF OF FIENDISH DARKNESS 
Price (Item Level): 48,000 gp (17th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 18th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 24) conjuration 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 
This staff is made of polished ebony topped with a tarnished iron claw at either end. 
A runestaff of fiendish darkness bestows one negative level on any good-aligned creature as long as it carries or holds the runestaff. The negative level never results in actual level loss, but cannot be over­

Runestaffs, left to right: divination, frost, fire, fiendish darkness, evocation, ethereal action, enchantment, charming, cacophony, the artisan, abjuration 
come in any way (including restoration spells) while the runestaff is held. 
This staff allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 animate dead 

•
 darkness 

•	
 dispel magic 

•	
 summon monster IX (nightmare only) 


Prerequisites: Craft Staff, animate dead, darkness, dispel magic, summon monster IX, 
evil alignment. Cost to Create: 24,000 gp, 1,920 XP, 48 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF FIRE Price (Item Level): 8,400 gp (12th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation Activation: As spell used Weight: 4 lb. 
This staff is crafted from bronzewood with rune-scribed brass bindings. 
A runestaff of fire allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 burning hands 

•	
 fireball 

•	
 wall of fire Prerequisites: Craft Staff, burning hands, 


fireball,	 wall of fire. Cost to Create: 4,200 gp, 336 XP, 9 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF FORCED HAPPINESS 
Price (Item Level): 18,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 16th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 23) enchantment 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 3 lb. 
This smooth alabaster staff feels hollow, but doesn't seem fragile or easily chipped. 
A runestaff of forced happiness allows you to cast any of the following spells (each two times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 celebration (SC 44) 

•	
 Otto's irresistible dance 

•	
 Tasha's hideous laughter 


Prerequisites: Craft Staff, celebration, Otto's irresistible dance, Tasha's hideous laughter. Cost to Create: 9,000 gp, 720 XP, 18 days. 

RUNESTAFF OF FROST 
Price (Item Level): 20,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation 
Activation: As spell used 

Weight: 4 lb. 
This rune-covered staff is made from white wood and silver, and is tipped at each end with a glittering diamond. 
A runestaff of frost allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 cone of cold 

•	
 ice storm 

•	
 wall of ice Prerequisites: Craft Staff, cone of cold, ice storm, wall of ice. 


Cost to Create: 10,000 gp, 800 XP, 20 days. 

RUNESTAFF OF ILLUMINATION 
Price (Item Level): 34,500 gp (16th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 15th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 22) evocation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 3 lb. 
This slim silver staff features a rune of a sunl burst. It seems to reflect light as if it were a polished mirror that never tarnishes. 
A runestaff of illumination allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 dancing lights 

•
 daylight 

•	
 flare 

•	
 sunburst Prerequisites: Craft Staff, dancing lights, daylight, flare, sunburst. 


Cost to Create: 17,250 gp, 1,380 XP, 35 days. 

RUNESTAFF OF ILLUSION 
Price (Item Level): 19,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) illusion 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 3 lb. 

This twisted ebony staff has a rune of a half-mask near one end. 
A runestaff of illusion allows you to cast any of the following spells (each once per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 disguise self 

•	
 major image 

•	
 mirror image 

•
 mislead 

•	
 persistent image 

•	
 rainbow pattern 


Prerequisites: Craft Staff, disguise self, major image, mirror image, mislead, persistent image, rainbow pattern. 
Cost to Create: 9,500 gp, 760 XP, 19 days. 

RUNESTAFF OF INSANITY 
Price (Item Level): 46,000 gp (17th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 17th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 23) illusion 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 5 lb. 
This staff is formed from wildly twisting rods of solid iron. It bears numerous runes depicting cracked, warped, human skulls. 
A runestaff of insanity allows you to cast any of the following spells (each two times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•
 confusion 

•
 insanity 

•	
 lesser confusion 

•	
 weird Prerequisites: Craft Staff, confusion, insanl ity, lesser confusion, weird. 


Cost to Create: 23,000 gp, 1,840 XP, 46 days. 

RUNESTAFF OF NECROMANCY 
Price (Item Level): 32,000 gp (16th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 


Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 

Made of ebony and carved with images of bones and skulls, this staff is fitted at each end with a small ivory skull. 
A runestaff of necromancy allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 cause fear 

•	
 circle of death 

•
 enervation 

•	
 ghoul touch 

•	
 halt undead 

•	
 waves of fatigue 


Prerequisites: Craft Staff, cause fear, circle of death, enervation, ghoul touch, halt undead, waves of fatigue. 
Cost to Create: 16,000 gp, 1,280 XP, 32 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF NIGHT 
Price (Item Level): 14,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 

Black onyx end caps adorn this ebony staff, which is carved with runes of darkness, night, and stars, as well as a rune that resembles an umber hulk. 
A runestaff of night allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 darkness (can counter or dispel any light spell, regardless of level) 

•
 darkvison 

•	
 low-light vision 


This runestaff also allows you to cast the following spell once per day by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	 summon monster VI (summons one fiendish umber hulk only) Prerequisites: Craft Staff, darkness, darkl 
vison, low-light vision (SC 134), summon monster VI. Cost to Create: 7,000 gp, 560 XP, 14 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF OPENING 
Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 

This wooden staff is carved with the images of doors, many of which have embossed iron bindings and miniature—nonfunctional—keyholes. 
A runestaff of opening allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•
 knock 
• open/close 


•
 passwall 


•	
 shatter Prerequisites: Craft Staff, knock, open/close, 


passwall,	 shatter. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF PASSAGE 
Price (Item Level): 75,000 gp (19th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 18th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 24) necromancy 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 

Alternating sections of glass and mirror-poll ished steel comprise this slender staff. 
A runestaff of passage allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 astral projection 

•	
 dimension door 

•	
 greater teleport 

•
 passwall 

•	
 phase door 



Prerequisites: Craft Staff, astral projection, dimension door, greater teleport, passwall, phase door. 
Cost to Create: 37,500 gp, 3,000 XP, 75 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF POWER Price (Item Level): 38,300 gp (17th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) abjuration 
Activation: As spell used and swift 
(mental); see text 
Weight: 4 lb. 

At the top of this smooth, jet-black staff is a single glistening gem. Several arcane runes have been etched into the crystal. 
A runestaff of power allows you to cast any of the following spells (each once per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 cone of cold 

•	
 continual flame 

•	
 fireball 


•	
 globe of invulnerability 

•	
 hold monster 

•
 levitate 


•	
 lightning bolt 

•	
 magic missile 

•	
 ray of enfeeblement 

•	
 wall of force (in a 5-foot-radius hemi­sphere around the wielder only) 


In addition, a runestaff of power functions as a +2/masterwork quarterstaff and grants you a +2 luck bonus to AC and on saves as long as it is held. 
As a swift action, you can expend a 1st-level arcane spell or spell slot while holding a runestaff of power to activate a smite ability. Until the start of your next turn, all melee attacks made with the runestaff of power deal double damage (or triple damage on a critical hit). 
If you aren't attuned to a runestaff of power (see page 224 for details on attun¬ ement), its enhancement bonus remains, but all its other abilities are unavailable to you. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Staff, cone of cold, continual flame, fireball, globe of invulnerability, hold monster, levitate, lightning bolt, magic missile, ray of enfeeblement, wall of force. 
Cost to Create: 19,000 gp (plus 300 gp for masterwork quarterstaff), 1,520 XP, 39 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF SIZE ALTERATION 
Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 5 lb. 
This sturdy oak staff has a rune of a mouse morphing into an elephant at its tip. The staff is shaped like an hourglass—thick at both ends, but thin in the middle. 
A runestaff of illumination allows you to cast any of the following spells (each two times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 enlarge person 

•	
 mass enlarge person 

•	
 mass reduce person 

•	
 reduce person 

•	
 shrink item 


Prerequisites: Craft Staff, enlarge person, mass enlarge person, mass reduce person, reduce person, shrink item. 
Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 

RUNESTAFF OF TIME 
Price (Item Level): 35,000 gp (16th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 17th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 23) transmutation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 3 lb. 

When you look at this staff, it becomes hard for your eyes to focus, as if the item is constantly blurring and shifting. 

A runestaff of time allows you to cast any of the following spells (each once per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 expeditious retreat 

•	
 haste 

•	
 temporal stasis 

•	
 time stop Prerequisites: Craft Staff, expeditious retreat, haste, temporal stasis, time stop. Cost to Create: 17,500 gp, 1,400 XP, 


35 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF TRANSMUTATION 
Price (Item Level): 25,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 
This petrified wood staff has a rune depicting the symbol for infinity emblazoned over bars of lead and gold. 
A runestaff of transmutation allows you to cast any of the following spells (each two times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 alter self 

•	
 baleful polymorph 

•	
 blink 

•
 disintegrate 

•	
 expeditious retreat 

•	
 stone shape 


Prerequisites: Craft Staff, alter self, baleful polymorph, blink, disintegrate, expeditious retreat, stone shape. 
Cost to Create: 12,500 gp, 1,000 XP, 25 days. 

RUNESTAFF OF TRANSPORTATION 
Price (Item Level): 19,000 gp (15th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 4 lb. 

A hollow coil of wire fashioned in the shape of a staff, it has a mottled brown gemstone at both ends. 
A runestaff of transportation allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 blink 

•	
 dimension door 

•	
 teleport Prerequisites: Craft Staff, blink, dimension door, teleport. 


Cost to Create: 9,500 gp, 760 XP, 19 days. 

RUNESTAFF OF THE UNDEAD SLAYER 
Price (Item Level): 37,000 gp (17th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 5 lb. 
This staff is formed from a solid piece of black marble. It is veined with lines of gold and silver. 
A runestaff of the undead slayer allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a pre­pared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 death ward 

•	
 detect undead 

•	
 disrupting weapon 

•	
 searing light 

•	
 undeath to death 


Prerequisites: Craft Staff, death ward, detect undead, disrupting weapon, searing light, undeath to death. 
Cost to Create: 18,500 gp, 1,480XP, 37 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF THE UNDYING 
Price (Item Level): 16,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 12th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy 
Activation: As spell used 
Weight: 5 lb. 

This staff is formed from human bones bound together by copper wire. Each bone bears small skull runes. 
A runestaff of the undying allows you to cast any of the following spells (each two times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•	
 animate dead 

•	
 create undead Prerequisites: Craft Staff, animate dead, create undead. Cost to Create: 8,000 gp, 640 XP, 


16 days. 
RUNESTAFF OF VISION Price (Item Level): 16,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) divination Activation: As spell used Weight: 4 lb. 
Cut from bamboo and fitted with white leather straps elegantly inked with runes, this slender staff seems unusually delicate. 
A runestaff of vision allows you to cast any of the following spells (each three times per day) by expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot of the same level or higher. 
•
 darkvision 

•	
 see invisibility 

•	
 true seeing Prerequisites: Craft Staff, darkvision, see invisibility, true seeing. 


Cost to Create: 8,000 gp, 640 XP, 16 days. 

SACRED SCABBARD 
Price (Item Level): 4,400 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 4th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This hardened leather scabbard is 
inscribed with pictograms depicting 
many different kinds of weapons. 

A sacred scabbard can change shape to fit any dagger, sword, or axe touched to it, even making allowances for double weapons. The scab­bard keeps any weapon carried in it clean and sharp. Furthermore, three times per day, you can command it to produce a bless weapon effect on the weapon it holds as you draw it. This effect lasts for 10 rounds. A sacred scabbard functions only for good-aligned characters. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bless weapon. Cost to Create: 2,200 gp, 176 XP, 5 days. 
SALVE OF MINOR SPELL RESISTANCE 
Price (Item Level): 1,350 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) abjuration 
Activation: Full-round (manipulation) 
Weight: 1/2 lb. 

This glass canister is filled with a gray salve that seems to be flecked with crushed bits of insects. 
Upon spreading this salve upon your skin, you gain spell resistance 17 for 5 minutes. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, spell resistance. Cost to Create: 675 gp, 54 XP, 2 days. 
SCEPTER OF THE NETHERWORLD 
Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: 3 lb. 

Several glyphs that promise power over the undead are incised along the length of this plain steel baton. 
If  you  can  turn  or  rebuke  
undead, holding  a scepter  of  
the  netherworld  allows  you  
to  do  so  as if your level  in  
the relevant class were three  
levels higher.  
Prerequisites:  Craft  Rod,  
turn or rebuke undead.  
Sacred  Cost  to  Create:  4,500 gp,  
scabbard  360 XP, 9 days.  

SCROLLS OF UNCERTAIN PROVENANCE [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: — or — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) necromancy 
Activation: — or 1 hour; see text 
Weight: 5 lb. 
Scrolls of uncertain provenance 

This bundle of rough parchment contains scraps of varying shapes and sizes; some appear old and others new. It is bound with a braided cord and secured with a medallion bearing the holy symbol of Wee Jas. 
Scrolls of uncertain provenance are not spells stored in written form, but col­lections of death-obsessed writings in an unknown hand. Popular myth holds that those who can command the lore contained in a set of these scrolls have power over life and death. As long as you possess scrolls of uncertain provenance, you gain a +5 competence bonus on Knowledge checks, provided that you are lawful neutral, lawful evil, lawful good, or neutral. 
Relic Power: If you have established a proper divine connection, you can attempt to read from the scrolls once per day for 1 hour. Understanding their lore, however, is not an easy task. To begin with, the scrolls are written in nearly every language, ancient and modern, and the text sometimes switches languages within the same sentence. Thus, a success­ful hour of reading requires a successful DC 20 Knowledge (religion) check. You receive a +2 bonus on the check for every language you speak. So cryptic are the scrolls that even read magic, comprehend languages, or other spells don't help you understand them, nor does the Decipher Script skill. 
Time  Benefit  
1 hour  Renewal  pact for yourself  
2 hours  Renewal  pact for another  
3 hours  Death pact for yourself  
4 hours  Death pact for another  
6 hours  True resurrection  for  
another (and the scrolls  
disappear)  

If your check is successful, you gain tem­porary understanding of one of the scrolls' secrets depending on how long you have spent reading them. Your hours of suc­cessful reading stack for this purpose, so you can read over mul­tiple days to gain a greater benefit, if desired. The time spent need not all be spent at once; you can divide it as you choose for the purpose 
of gaining benefits. Reading scrolls of uncertain provel 
nance is not without risk, since delving into their mysteries draws you near to the border between life and death. When­ever you spend an hour reading scrolls of uncertain provenance, you must roll on the following table, whether or not you learn anything useful. 
d% Effect 
01-10 Co insane (as the insanity spell); Will DC 20 negates. 
11-30 The scrolls bestow a permanent curse upon you, applying a -4 penalty on attack rolls, saves, ability checks, and skill checks; Will DC 20 negates. 
31-60 Receive a geas/quest to perform for Wee Jas; Will DC 20 negates. 
61-90 Cain ld6 negative levels (Fort DC 20 removes them after 24 hours). 
91-100 Become a ghost for a year and a day; Fort DC 20 negates. 
To use the relic power, you must worship Wee Jas and either sacrifice a 6th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 11 HD. 
Shackles of silence 
Lens of the desert 
Eternal wand 
Lore: Scrolls of uncertain provenance 
have long been associated with Wee Jas, although even her lorekeepers don't know where the first ones came from (Knowl­edge [religion] DC 15). 
In fact, they were penned by beings that lost their sanity in the pursuit of arcane knowledge and collected by agents of Wee Jas for the sake of the knowledge they con­tain (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, death pact (SC 60), renewal pact (SC 173), true resurrection. 
Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 

SCRYING BEACON Price (Item Level): 750 gp (3rd) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination Activation: —; see text Weight: — 
This button-sized, black half-sphere appears to be made of ebony or jet. 
If you spend 1 minute attuning yourself to a scrying beacon, you can choose for the next clairaudience/clairvoyance spell you cast to be centered on the beacon, as long as you are within 1 mile of it. Once this power has been used, the beacon becomes dormant until you attune yourself to it again. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
clairaudience/clairvoyance. 
Cost to Create: 375 gp, 30 XP, 1 day. 

Sending stones 

SCRYING SHARD Price (Item Level): 1,350 gp (5th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) divination Activation: — Weight: 1 lb. 
Ever-shifting, deep red swirls writhe within this fist-sized pink crystal. 
A character of any class can cast scrying using a scrying shard as a focus. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, scrying. Cost to Create: 675 gp, 54 XP, 2 days. 

SENDING STONES Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation Activation: Standard Weight: 1 lb. 
These fist-sized chunks of unworked stone are mirror images of one another. 
These unremarkable-looking stones come in pairs. Once per day, the bearer of each stone can send a message (as the sending spell) to the bearer of the other stone. If a stone's mate is not in a creature's posses­sion, no message is sent and you know the communication has failed. If either 
Scrying shard 
stone of the pair is destroyed, the other becomes useless. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, sending. Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 
SHACKLES OF SILENCE Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) Body Slot: —; see text Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) illusion Activation: — Weight: 2 lb. 
These iron manacles look old, slightly rusted, and heavily dented. 
Shackles of silence fit any Small, Medium, or Large creature. A creature manacled with these shackles is affected by a silence effect (as the spell) that fills that creature's space. 
A creature can slip free from shackles of silence with a successful DC 28 Escape Artist check, or break free with a success­ful DC 28 Strength check. However, if the creature bound by shackles of silence escapes by breaking them or using Escape Artist, the silence effect ends and the shackles ring for 1 round, as an alarm spell's audible alarm. Broken shackles of silence lose their power after sounding this alarm, becom­ing nonmagical and useless. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
alarm, silence. Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 

SHARD OF THE SUN 
[RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) evocation 
Activation: — or standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This brightly glowing holy symbol of Pelor is made of hammered gold and set with small diamonds. 
A shard of the sun is mentioned in several 
religious texts as "Pelor's gift, which I 
carry into darkness—a sun that never 
sets." When you hold this item, it con­
tinuously emits a warm light equivalent 
to a daylight spell heightened to 5th 
level, provided that you are neutral good, 
lawful good, chaotic good, or neutral. The 
symbol must be covered completely to 
douse its light. 
Relic Power: If you have established 
the proper divine connection, you can 
command a shard of the sun to fire two 
simultaneous searing light spells, though 
each must be aimed at a different target. 
Each beam deals 10d6 points of damage 
to undead, 5d6 points to constructs and 
objects, and 5d8 points of damage to 
other creatures. Creatures particularly 
vulnerable to bright light, such as vam­
pires, take 10d8 points of damage from 
these beams. This ability functions three 
times per day. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­
ship Pelor and either sacrifice a 6th-level 
divine spell slot or have the True Believer 
feat and at least 11 HD. If you sacrifice 
an 8th-level spell slot or have the True 
Believer feat and at least 15 HD, you 
can fire four searing light beams with 
each activation (no two at the same 
target). 
Lore: The first shards of the sun were 
hewn by Pelor himself from the orb 
of the sun and molded into the 
shape of his symbol. Over the 
centuries, he gifted them to 
his most favored high priests, and 
most of them remain in the hands 
of his clergy today (Knowledge 
[religion] DC 20). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous 
Item, Sanctify Relic, daylight, 
searing light. 

Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 
4 days. 

SKILL SHARD 
Price (Item Level): 50 gp (1/2) 
(normal); 300 gp (2nd) (greater) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: — 
This tiny fragment of cast-off crystal glows with a minuscule bit of power. 
When held, a skill shard telepathically whispers its command word into your mind. When you activate it, you gain a competence bonus on your next check with a specific skill, chosen during the item's creation. The check must begin before the end of your turn and must be completed within 10 minutes. A skill shard disintegrates when used. 
Normal: +2 competence bonus. Greater: +5 competence bonus. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
specified skill 2 ranks (lesser) or 5 ranks (greater). Cost to Create: 25 gp, 1 XP, 1 day (lesser); 150 gp, 6 XP, 1 day (greater). 
SLASHING SAND 
Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (thrown) 
Weight: — 

A handful of thick, glassy black sand fills this small lizard skin sack. 
When you fling slashing sand onto the ground, it covers an area of up to four con­tiguous squares with razor-sharp obsidian shards for 1 hour (the equivalent of a spike stones spell). At least one affected square must be adjacent to your space. Once acti­vated, this item is expended and cannot be used again. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, spike stones. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
SLEEPING SPIKE Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) enchantment Activation: Standard (manipulation) Weight: 1/2 lb. 
This twisted wooden spike was carved from the misshapen limb of an ash tree. 
A sleeping spike becomes invisible 1 round after you plant it firmly in the ground. Thereafter, as soon as any creature comes within 10 feet of it, the spike emits a sleep effect (Will DC 17 negates) in a 20-foot­radius burst that affects all creatures with 10 Hit Dice or fewer. The spike is destroyed when the sleep effect is triggered. 
During the round that a sleeping spike remains visible after being planted, any creature can safely remove it from the ground (a standard action) to render it harmless and ready for reuse. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, symbol of sleep. Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 4 days. 
SOUL ANCHOR Price (Item Level): 10,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) enchantment Activation: Standard (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
Thin iron bands twine around jagged fragl ments of jet-black obsidian to form the haft of this cruel-looking rod. 
When you activate a soul anchor, each creature adjacent to you must succeed on a DC 18 Will saving throw or be unable to move from its current space for 1 round. Creatures that are flying or sinking when the spell takes effect are magically held in place. However, affected creatures are neither 
paralyzed nor entangled, so they can fight and cast spells normally. 
Shard of the sun 
The power of a soul anchor prevents all voluntary movement that would allow the affected creatures to leave their respective spaces (including teleporta­tion magic or other spells and items that allow movement). However, it does not preclude involuntary movement, such as that resulting from a bull rush. If an affected creature is involuntarily moved out of its space for any reason, the effect on that creature ends immediately. 
This ability functions five times per day, but it can't be activated in consecu­tive rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, hold monster. Cost to Create: 5,000 gp, 400 XP, 10 days. 
SOULVOID ORB 
Price (Item Level): 700 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 

Aura: Faint; (DC 16) necromancy 
Activation: Standard (thrown) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This black, fist-sized orb feels faintly greasy to the touch. 
When you throw a soulvoid orb against a hard surface, it explodes in a shower of orange sparks that fills a 10-foot-radius burst. Each creature within that area is affected as if by a divest essentia spell (MoI 101). 
Lore: Soulvoid orbs were first created by the githyanki for use in a struggle with a splinter group of githzerai who had taken up the practice of meldshaping (Knowl­edge [the planes] DC 15). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, divest essentia. Cost to Create: 350 gp, 28 XP, 1 day. 
SPHERE OF AWAKENING 
Price (Item Level): 1,800 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) abjuration 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This fist-sized sphere of crystal is perfectly clear. 
A sphere of awakening allows you to silently rouse your allies from slumber, even if magically created. When you activate the sphere, all allies in a 60-foot­radius burst are immediately awakened from sleep (whether mundane or magi­cal in origin). In addition, any fatigue or exhaustion affecting you and those allies immediately ends. Furthermore, you and all affected allies gain immu­nity to fatigue, exhaustion, and sleep effects for 10 minutes after the sphere is activated. 
A sphere of awakening functions once per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, break enchantment. Cost to Create: 900 gp, 72 XP, 2 days. 

SPIDER ROD 
Price (Item Level): 15,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) necromancy 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 3 lb. 

A complex relief of webs and tiny arachnids covers this silvery rod. Its surface is strangely sticky to the touch. 
A spider rod has two different abilities that each function three times per day. 
Silk Strand: The rod produces an entangling strand of silk as a ranged touch attack (range 100 feet). A target hit by this strand is entangled for 1 minute (Reflex DC 20 negates entanglement, but the creature's speed is still halved for the duration of the effect). Treat this as a net attack, except that the strand has 15 hit points and takes double damage from fire. 
Poison Touch: You can make a melee touch attack with the rod to deliver a virulent contact poison (Fort DC 16, 1d6 Con/1d6 Con). 
Prerequisites: Craft Rod, poison, web. Cost to Create: 7,500 gp, 600 XP, 15 days. 

SPOOL OF ENDLESS ROPE 
Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This spool of silk rope comes with a belt loop so that it can be hung conveniently at the user's side. 
A spool of endless rope holds an unlimited amount of the finest silk rope. 
To use a spool of endless rope, you feed out as little or as much rope as desired, up to a maximum of 500 feet at any one time. When you are finished with the rope, you can simply wind it back onto the spool. (Feeding out or rewinding requires 1 full-round action per 50 feet of rope.) 
The rope can't be entirely separated from the spool, though it can be cut or broken like a normal silk rope. Any portion of rope cut away from the spool disappears instantly. 
Rope from a spool of endless rope can be spliced or knotted together with another rope (including one from a second spool of endless rope), but it can't be wound back into the spool while so attached. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Leomund's secret chest. Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 

STENCH STONE 
Price (Item Level): 300 gp (2nd) 
Body Slot: — (held); see text 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) necromancy 
Activation: Standard (thrown) or 

— (ammunition) 
Weight: — 
This stone reeks of rotting meat. 
A stench stone nauseates its target and sickens those nearby. The stone must be thrown (range increment 10 feet) or hurled from a sling (using that weapon's normal range increment) as a ranged attack. If the stone strikes its target, it deals no damage but bursts into a cloud of noxious vapor. If a stench stone misses its target, it is consumed without effect. 
Any living creature struck by a stench stone becomes nauseated for 1 round (Fort DC 13 negates). Regardless of the success or failure of the save, the target exudes a stench for 3 rounds that causes all crea­tures within 10 feet of it to be sickened for the remaining duration of the stench (Fort DC 13 negates). Creatures immune to poison are unaffected by stench stones; any effect that neutralizes or delays poison also protects against the effect. 
Once activated, this item is expended and cannot be used again. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, ghoul touch. Cost to Create: 150 gp, 12 XP, 1 day. 

STRAND OF ACID PEARLS 
Price (Item Level): 10,700 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 11th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) conjuration 
Activation: Standard (thrown) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Seven green pearls stud this silver chain. One is large, and the others are in three progressively smaller pairs. The stones slosh as though filled with liquid. 
Each of the seven pearls on this chain can be detached and thrown up to 50 feet. When a pearl strikes its destination, it explodes into a 20-foot-radius, 20­foot-high, cylinder-shaped cloud of acid centered on the end point. This cloud deals acid damage to any creature in the area (Reflex DC 19 half)­
A strand of acid pearls has four different sizes of pearls, each of which deals a dif­ferent amount of acid damage. The two smallest each deal 3d6 points of damage, each of the next larger pair deals 5d6 points of damage, each of the next larger pair deals 7d6 points of damage, and the largest pearl deals 9d6 points of damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, acid storm (SC 7). Cost to Create: 5,350 gp, 428 XP, 11 days. 
Stench stone 

STRAND OF LIGHTNING 
Price (Item Level): 4,350 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation 
Activation: Standard (thrown) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Seven coils of brightly polished copper wire dangle from this strand of interwoven silver and copper threads. 
Each of the seven coils on this chain can be detached and thrown. When thrown, a coil explodes into a 30-foot line of lightning originating from you. Each creature in the area takes electricity damage based on the size of the coil (Reflex DC 14 half). 
Each of the four smallest coils deals 3d6 points of damage. The next larger two each deal 5d6 damage, and the largest coil deals 7d6 points of damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, lightning bolt. Cost to Create: 2,175 gp, 174 XP, 5 days. 
STUNNING SPIKE Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 13th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) enchantment Activation: Standard (manipulation) Weight: 1/2 lb. 
This bronze spike sparks with static electricity. 
A stunning spike becomes invisible 1 round after you plant it firmly in the ground. Thereafter, as soon as any creature comes within 10 feet of it, the spike bursts into fragments, stunning all creatures in a 20-foot radius for 1 round (Will DC 20 negates). This effect destroys the spike. 
During the round that a stunning spike remains visible after being planted, any creature can safely remove it from the ground (a standard action) to render it harmless and ready for reuse. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, symbol of stunning. Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days. 
SUMMONER'S TOTEM 
Price (Item Level): 3,100 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration 
Activation: —; see text 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This crudely carved, foot-long wooden rod bears a vaguely animal visage at its head. 
A boon for those who magically conjure animals to aid them in combat, a summoners totem allows instantaneous enhancement of your summoned allies. When you summon a single animal using a summon nature's ally spell, you can cast another spell targeting the summoned creature as a swift action. The second spell must be no higher than 3rd level, it must target the summoned creature (and only the summoned creature), its casting time must be no longer than 1 standard action, and it expends the spell or spell slot as normal. 
For example, immediately after sum­moning a brown bear with summon nature's ally IV, you could cast bull's strength upon that bear as a swift action (as long as you were adjacent to the bear). You couldn't use the totem to cast obscuring mist (since that spell doesn't target the bear). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, speak with animals, summon nature's ally II. Cost to Create: 1,550 gp, 124 XP, 4 days. 
SURVIVAL POUCH Price (Item Level): 3,300 gp (8th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration Activation: Standard (manipulation) Weight: 5 lb. 
This pouch looks like it's seen its share of rough use. It is tattered and stained from use in the wild. 
Five times per day, you can reach into a survival pouch and retrieve your choice of one of the following items. You can draw out the same item five times in one day, draw out five different items, or produce any combination of up to five items. 
Each item lasts for 8 hours or until indi­cated below, whichever comes first. 
•	
 Trail rations for one Medium creature for one day. 

•	
 Two gallons of water stored in a water-skin. The waterskin disappears if it is emptied completely. 

•	
 A tent and two bedrolls sized for Medium creatures. 

•	
 A 50-foot coil of hempen rope. 

•	
 A shovel. 

•	
 A campfire (about 2 feet square). The fire can be left to burn, or it can be pulled apart to produce eight lit torches. Each removed torch lasts for 1 hour and reduces the remaining burning time of the campfire by 1 hour. If the fire is extinguished, the unburnt portion vanishes. 

•	
 A composite shortbow (+1 Str bonus) and a quiver of 20 arrows. The bow disappears 1 round after the last arrow has been drawn from the quiver. 

•	
 A mule with bit, bridle, saddle, and sad­dlebags (treat as a summoned creature, except that it will not fight for you). Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 


major	 creation. Cost to Create: 1,650 gp, 132 XP, 4 days. 
TALISMAN OF THE DISK 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: — 
This convex lens of crystal dangles from a chain carved from blue glass. 
Activating a talisman of the disk creates a Tensers floating disk (PH 294). The disk can hold 300 pounds and lasts for up to 3 hours (or until dismissed with another standard action). The disk's maximum range from you is 30 feet. 
If you are also wearing a magic item that provides an enhancement bonus to Strength, the disk's carrying capacity 
increases by 100 pounds per point of bonus granted by the item. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bull's strength, Tenser's floating disk. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 

TALISMAN OF UNDEAD MASTERY 
Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) necromancy 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: — 

This tarnished silver skull fits comfortably in a human hand. 
A talisman of undead mastery benefits any character capable of either turning or rebuking undead. The talisman has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges increases your effective cleric level for the purpose of a single turn or rebuke undead check, which must be made before the end of your turn. 
1 charge: Increase effective turning level by 2. 2 charges: Increase effective turning level by 3. 3 charges: Increase effective turning level by 4. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, coml mand undead. Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days. 

TALISMAN OF UNDYING FORTITUDE 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 15th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 22) necromancy 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
This plum-sized skull carved from silver is tarnished black. 
A talisman of undying fortitude allows you to take on some of the physical qualities of undead. When you activate the talis­man, you gain immunity to poison, sleep effects, paralysis, stunning, disease, death effects, critical hits, nonlethal damage, physical ability damage, ability drain, energy drain, fatigue, exhaustion, death from massive damage, and any effect that requires a Fortitude save. Also, you do not need to breathe. This effect lasts for 3 rounds. 
A talisman of undying fortitude functions two times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, veil of undeath (SC 229). Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 

TANGLEPATCH Price (Item Level): 200 gp (2nd) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation Activation: Standard (thrown) Weight: 1 lb. 
Vines, creeping ivy, and gnarled roots knot together to form this dense tangle of vegetation. 
To use a tanglepatch, you must throw it (it can be thrown up to 50 feet). When it lands, it creates an entangle effect (as the spell) centered on the point of impact, with a duration of 5 rounds. Once acti­vated, a tanglepatch is expended and cannot be used again. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, entangle. Cost to Create: 100 gp, 8 XP, 1 day. 

THORN POUCH Price (Item Level): 4,400 (9th) Body Slot: — Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration Activation: Swift (manipulation) Weight: 1 lb. 
This greenish sack is sticky with sap. 
A thorn pouch allows you to bring forth several types of magical plant effects for offensive and defensive purposes. A pouch has 5 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges when you place your hand within the bag allows you to draw forth a single thorn that has one of the following effects (each as the spell of the same name, but with a dura­tion of 9 rounds): 
1 charge: Entangle. 
3 charges: Spike growth. 
5 charges: Wall of thorns. 

To use a thorn after drawing it forth, you drop it into your own space or any adjacent square (a free action). After 1 round, the thorn produces the desired effect. If you don't drop a thorn within 1 round after drawing it, it disappears with no effect. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
entangle, spike growth, wall of thorns. Cost to Create: 2,200 gp, 176 XP, 5 days. 

Tome of 
ancient lore 

TOME OF 
ANCIENT LORE [RELIC] 

Price (Item Level): 5,500 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 20th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation 
Activation: 1 hour; see text 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This ancient, leather-bound book is stuffed to overflowing with yellowing sheets of parchment. 
A boon to arcane spellcasters of all sorts, a tome of ancient lore contains every conceiv­able spell. Perusing it for 1 hour gives you a +5 competence bonus on Knowledge (arcana) and Spellcraft checks made that day, provided that you are neutral, neutral good, neutral evil, lawful neutral, or chaotic neu­tral. The hour spent studying the tome is in addition to any time you spend preparing spells. 
Relic Power: Though the pages of this book contain all the world's arcane knowledge, a tome of ancient lore is cursed with a deliberately confusing, ever-changing system of cross-referenc­ing. Because its pages constantly rearrange themselves, apparently at random, find­ing any useful information by browsing the book is impossible. However, if you have established the proper divine con­nection, you can use a tome of ancient lore while preparing arcane spells to prepare a single spell that isn't in your spellbook. 
You have a 50% chance 

of finding any arcane spell of 
the highest level you can cast, and a 100% chance to find any other spell that you can cast. The book functions in this manner once per day. 
To use the relic power, you must wor­ship Boccob and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. 
Lore: Allegedly penned by Boccob himself and "borrowed" from his library, the original tome disappeared for centu­ries. Eventually, copies began to appear in the possession of arcane colleges, spell-
casting dragons, and powerful wizards (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, secret page. Cost to Create: 2,750 gp, 220 XP, 6 days. 
TOME OF THE STILLED TONGUE [RELIC] 
Price (Item Level): 7,500 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 20th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 25) transmutation Activation: See text 
Weight: 5 lb. 
This thick, leather-bound manuscript has a particularly disgusting decoration—a desicl cated tongue nailed to its front cover. 
A tome of the stilled tongue is a treasure trove of arcane potential. If you are neutral evil, chaotic evil, lawful evil, or neutral, the book reveals full instructions for creating a lich's phylactery and offers 500 blank spell pages that function like those in Boccob's blessed book (DMG 249). 
Relic Power: A tome of the stilled tongue also contains directions for eldritch mental exercises designed to strengthen your spellcasting. If you have established the proper divine connection and read the appropriate section of the tome (requir­ing 1 hour of mental exercises), you can increase your effective caster level for all spells by 1 for 24 hours. However, because the exercises are mystically strenuous, doing them reduces your full normal hit 
point total by 1 per character level while the caster level increase is in effect. This ability functions 
once per day. To use the relic power, you must worship Vecna and either sacrifice a 5th-level divine spell slot or have the True Believer feat and at least 9 HD. Lore: The grisly cover decora­tion on the original tome of the stilled tongue once belonged to a former cleric of Vecna who couldn't keep her order's secrets. Now five copies are known to exist, but the origins of the other four tongues have never been revealed (Knowledge [religion] DC 20). Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Sanctify Relic, Scribe Scroll, secret page. Cost to Create: 3,750 gp, 300 XP, 8 days. 
Tome of the stilled tongue 
TOME OF WORLDLY MEMORY 
Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) transmutation 
Activation: 1 minute or 1 standard 

action; see text 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This small book is bound in hammered silver and engraved with the continents of the world. 
A tome of worldly memory allows you to call upon the secret memories of the world to aid you in unlocking forgot­ten knowledge. By studying the book for 1 minute, you gain a +5 competence bonus on a single Knowledge check. The tome functions three times per day. 
If you have at least 5 
ranks in the Knowledge 
skill in question, you need 
only peruse the book as a stan­
dard action to gain its benefit. 

Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, fox's cunning. Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 
TOMEBOUND EYE OF BOCCOB 
Price (Item Level): 7,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) enchantment 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: — 
The watchful Eye of the Uncaring One stares out from this seal. 
When affixed to a wizard's spellbook, this seal provides a focus for arcane energy. A tomebound eye of Boccob has 3 charges, which are renewed each day at dawn. Spending 1 or more charges when you prepare your wizard spells from a spell-book to which a tomebound eye is attached grants one or more spells a competence bonus on caster level checks to overcome a target's spell resistance. 
1 charge: Gain a +4 competence bonus on your caster level check to overcome spell resistance. 
2 charges: Gain a +6 competence bonus on your caster level check to overcome spell resistance. 
3 charges: Gain a +8 competence bonus on your caster level check to overcome spell resistance. 
You can divide the 3 charges between spells, or spend all three to enhance a single spell. For example, you could grant three spells each a +4 bonus, one spell a +6 bonus and another a +4 bonus, or a single spell a +8 bonus. No spellbook can have more than one of these items affixed to it, and you can't gain benefits from more than one eye in a given day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, abil­ity to prepare 3rd-level arcane spells. Cost to Create: 3,500 gp, 280 XP, 7 days. 

Tome of worldly memory 
Tomeboundof Boccob 
Greater 
glyph seal 

TROLL GUT ROPE 
Price (Item Level): 500 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 


Activation: Standard (command) 

Weight: 7 lb. 
One end of this pile of pungent-smelling intesl tines has been tied with an intricate knot. 

Once per day, you can command this 50­foot rope to grow up to 350 feet in length. Any length beyond the original 50 feet decays to nothingness after 12 hours. If the large knot on one end is ever untied or cut open, the rope's magic is destroyed. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, minor creation. Cost to Create: 250 gp, 20 XP, 1 day. 

TRUELIGHT LANTERN Price (Item Level): 36,000 gp (17th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) divination Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 3 lb. 
This lantern is elaborately crafted from flame-touched iron, burnished to a silvery hue. A continuous, translucent white flame flickers within, though it sheds no heat. 
A truelight lantern continually emanates 
bright light as a continual flame spell. 
Its true power can be activated by speak­ing the word "reveal" in Celestial. Once it is activated, a truelight lantern provides bright illumination in a 60-foot cone and shadowy illumination for another 60 feet beyond that. Everything within the 60-foot cone of bright illumination can be seen as if all viewers were under the effect of a true seeing spell. This effect lasts for 10 minutes. 
A truelight lantern can normally be 

activated once per day, but can be eye activated additional times if a true seeing spell is cast into it (over­riding the normal targeting 
restriction of the spell). Each casting of true seeing allows a lantern to be activated one more time per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, true seeing. Cost to Create: 18,000 gp, 1,440 XP, 36 days. 

WILDING CLASP 
Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: — 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This 3-inch-long gold chain has a clasp on each end. 
A wilding clasp can be attached to any item worn on the body. When so worn, a clasp prevents the worn item from melding into your new form when you use wild shape (as long as the item could reasonably be worn by the new form). Thus, the item remains fully functional and can be used normally in your new form. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, wild shape. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 

A
magic item set consists of three to six thematically linked magic items that provide extra bonuses or effects when worn together. The abilities scale or accu­mulate with the number of items worn. A character gains a particularly potent effect when all the items 
of a set are worn or used together. 
ARMOR OF THE 
WATCHING MASTER 
Those who wear the armor of the watching master know what it feels like to be in command and to sense what others miss. They possess unnatural sight and unusual powers to blind, burn, and bully their enemies. Individually, each piece of the armor of the watching master provides a useful ability, but only those with the full set know its true powers. 
The armor of the watching master works best in the hands of a barbarian or other melee warrior. As medium armor, a breast-plate of terror allows a barbarian to use his fast movement ability, and its damage reduction stacks with the barbarian's. The armor of the watching master also provides other advantages useful to any melee-oriented character, such as frightening or blinding foes, ignoring hardness, and overcoming damage reduction. Note that the Strength bonus provided by the armor of the watching master can be increased using the rules in Chapter 6. 
LORE 

Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (arcana) or Knowl­edge (the planes), or who have the bardic knowledge ability, can research the armor of the watching master to learn more about these items. When a character succeeds on a check, the following lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: The first set of the armor of the watching master belonged to a powerful elf paladin who returned from planar travel wearing the items. The paladin founded an organization devoted to guardianship and order, and sets of the armor of the watching master became standard issue for the highest-ranking members of that group. The organiza­tion, called the Watchful Eyes, collapsed due to internal strife one hundred years ago, and now sets of this armor continue to appear from time to time in the hands of vari­ous individuals. 
DC 20: The Watchful Eyes collapsed because many 
of its paladin members became blackguards at about 
the same time that its founder vanished. Lacking lead­
ership and warring internally, the group eventually 
disintegrated. 

DC 25: Stories persist that the founder of the orga­
nization was the first to fall from grace, and that she 
returned from the planes tainted by evil. The stories don't 
say how she managed to hide this from other members of the Watchful Eyes or why she founded the group, but supposedly the dark side of the Watchful Eyes persists as a cultlike order of barbarians and blackguards who wear pieces of the armor of the watching master as a sign of their devotion to the cult. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher reveals the location of another piece of the set. Use this to drive further adventure and direct the PCs toward some location or story you would like them to explore. 
COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Wearing pieces of the armor of the watching master allows you to command or frighten foes, blind and burn enemies, or crush objects that impede your vision. Wearing the entire set grants you vision that can pierce invisibility. 
When all four pieces of the armor are worn, the staring eyes marking each item appear to come to life, becoming blood­shot, yellow-pupiled orbs that look around of their own accord. 
2 Pieces: You gain a +2 bonus on initia­tive checks. 
4 Pieces: You gain a +5 competence bonus on Spot checks. Once per day, you can speak the command word of "Cabiri" and activate the armor with a standard action to gain the effect of a see invisibility spell for 3 minutes. 
BREASTPLATE OF TERROR 
Price (Item Level): 13,200 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Body 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) necromancy 
Activation: — and immediate (mental) 
Weight: 30 lb. 
This adamantine breastplate bears an emblem of a wide, staring eye surrounded by raised rays of glittering mithral. 
Armor of the watching master 
As a +1 adamantine breastplate, this item grants damage reduction 2/—. A breastl plate of terrors damage reduction stacks with damage reduction gained as a class feature (but not from any other source). For example, a 10th-level barbarian would have damage reduction 4/—. 
In addition, once per day immediately after you have been damaged by a melee attack, you can activate this armor to render a foe that just wounded you fright­ened for 1 round. If the enemy succeeds on a DC 20 Will save, it is shaken for 1 round rather than frightened. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, cause fear, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 1,500 gp (plus 10,200 gp for adamantine breastplate), 120 XP, 3 days. 

GAUNTLETS OF 
DESTRUCTION 
Price (Item Level): 6,610 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 6th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation, 
transmutation 

ARMOR OF THE WATCHING MASTER PIECES AND ABILITIES 
Piece 
Mask of mastery Helm of wounding sight Gauntlets of destruction Breastplate of terror 
Body  
Slot  Price (Level)  Ability  
Face  3,500 gp (8th)  +5 on Intimidate checks; 1/day command  
Head  6,500 gp (10th)  Light at will; 3/day blinding fire cone  
Hands  6,610 gp (11th)  +2 Strength; 3/day treat attack as adamantine  
Body  13,200 gp (14th)  +7 adamantine  breastplate;  1/day frighten foe  

ARMOR OF THE WATCHING MASTER COLLECTION BENEFITS Pieces Worn Benefit 
2 pieces +2 on initiative checks 
4 pieces +5 on Spot checks; 1/day see invisibility for 3 min. 

Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

Each of these spiked steel gauntlets has an embossed image of an eye on its back. Each eye has an emerald for a pupil. 
Gauntlets of destruction grant you a +2 enhancement bonus to Strength. 
In addition, you can activate the gaunt­lets to enable the next melee attack made during your turn to overcome damage reduction and ignore hardness as if the attack were made with an adamantine weapon. This ability functions three times per day. 
Gauntlets of destruction are masterwork spiked gauntlets and can be used as a weapon. You can enhance a gauntlet beyond its base abilities by using the rules for crafting a magic weapon, but each gauntlet must be enhanced separately. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, bull's strength, shatter, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 3,000 gp (plus 610 gp for two masterwork spiked gauntlets), 240 XP, 6 days. 
HELM OF WOUNDING SIGHT 
Price (Item Level): 6,500 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: Standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This steel helmet covers all of the wearer's head but the face. A single huge eye with a crystal pupil is embossed on the helm's forehead. 
BEHIND THE CURTAIN: MAGIC ITEM SETS 
The concept of thematically linked sets
When a helm of wounding sight is activated, the embossed pupil sheds light with the brightness of a light spell until it is com­manded to cease or the helm is removed. 
In addition, three times per day, a helm of wounding sight can be activated to emit an instantaneous 60-foot-long cone of bright, burning light. This cone deals 2d6 points of fire damage and blinds all creatures in the area for 1 round. Creatures that succeed on DC 20 Reflex saves take half damage and are dazzled for 1 round. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, light, burning hands, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 3,250 gp, 260 XP, 6 days. 
MASK OF MASTERY Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) enchantment Activation: — and standard (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
This steel half-mask covers only the lower face. Over the wearer's mouth, an emblem depicting a large eye with a crystal for its pupil stares forth. 
Wearing a mask of mastery causes the wearer's voice to sound more commanding and authoritative, adding a +5 competence bonus on Intimidate checks. 
When activated, this mask allows you to utter a command (as the spell; Will DC 20 negates). Unlike the command spell, this effect is not language-dependent—the target needs only to be able to hear you. This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, coml mand, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 4 days. 
ARRAY OF THE MANTICORE 
This striking set of magic items grants you the freedom of the skies and the power to wreak havoc from above. Crafted in honor of their namesake creature, the array of the manticore is tailored for the individual who fights in the air or fights airborne foes, bestowing the ferocity of a manticore and its fearsome sting. 
Characters focused on making ranged weapon attacks get the most benefit from the array of the manticore. Scouts and rang­ers see the most benefit, since an airborne scout can skirmish more easily and a ranger's combat styles prove useful. 
LORE 

Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (arcana), or who have the bardic knowl­edge ability, can research the array of the manticore to learn more about these items. When a character succeeds on a check, the following lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: A hobgoblin sorcerer crafted the first array of the manticore for his favorite bugbear bodyguard. This bugbear rode a tamed manticore into battle, and it seemed fitting to the hobgoblin to reward his servant's skill and bravery with a tribute to his ferocity. 
DC 20: A group of humans and halflings attacked the goblinoid stronghold. The goblins were eventually defeated, but only after many of the invaders died from the javelins and spikes cast down upon them from the air. The few survivors divided up the array of the manticore among them­selves, not understanding the power the items held when worn together. When one of the halflings inherited a second 
set feels more like working off a debt than seeking something  of magic items that fun. Instead, the balancing factor of the sets comes from the PC 
provide more power when used together has a great pedigree using his item slots for the items of the set instead of items that in fantasy fiction, but D&D has largely ignored this concept. might be more advantageous. Magic Item Compendium presents item sets to remedy that. The value of a collection benefit stays within certain boundar. The collection benefits of each set are carefully designed to ies. The collection benefit for two pieces should equal roughly provide appealing bonus abilities that aren't unbalancing. The 10% of the combined cost of the two cheapest items in the set. character never pays gold for these extra powers: Their value is Thereafter, collection benefits are valued at roughly 25% of the not added to the costs of the items in the set. We don't want a cost of the cheapest item or combination of items you need to 
player whose item set components have not yet yielded any ad. reach the threshold of gaining the ability. The capstone ability ditional abilities to feel like he has paid too much for his items. of the set might be as much as 30% of the value of the most If a character must somehow pay for the ability, collecting the expensive item in the set. 
piece from a fallen 
companion, she dis­
covered the power of feather fall granted by possessing two pieces of the array. When this knowledge spread among the others, infight­
ing broke out, and eventually only two remained. They made a truce, and each parted to investigate the means of creating the miss­ing companion pieces. In this way, use and knowledge of the array spread. 
DC 25: Although the array of the manticore bears no curse or magic that makes one vulnerable, legend says that the hobgoblin who created the first set also cre­ated a spell whereby he could command the movements of the wearer by impelling the items to move, accomplishing a jerky, puppetlike control over a wearer's body. This spell also prevented the items from being removed. Many have sought the spell or attempted to recreate it, but no one is known to have succeeded. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher reveals the location of another piece of the set. Use this to drive further adventure and direct the PCs toward some location or story you would like them to explore. 
ARRAY OF THE MANTICORE COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Pieces Worn  Benefit  
2 pieces  Featherfall  at will  
5 pieces  2/day  summon  
manticore  

COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Wearing any two pieces of the array of the manticore grants you freedom from the threat of falling damage. Wearing the full set allows you to call upon a manticore for aid, bringing it into battle on swift wings to rain death down upon your foes. 
2 Pieces: You function as though perpetually affected by a featherfall spell 
ARRAY OF THE MANTICORE PIECES ANDBody Piece Slot 
Bracers of aerial combat Arms 
Cloves of endless javelins Hands 
Medallion of aerial defense Throat 
Helm of the hunter Head 
Winged vest Torso 
With the complete set of this array, 
you can summon a manticore 
to serve you 


(CL 5th). You can negate or renew this power as a swift (mental) action. 
5 Pieces: You can summon a manti­core (as if using a summon monster spell) with a swift (mental) action, which fights on your behalf for 5 rounds. The man­ticore has damage reduction 10/magic and gains a +5 competence bonus on attack rolls. This ability functions two times per day, but summoning a second manticore causes the first to disappear if still present. 
BRACERS OF AERIAL COMBAT 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

 ABILITIES 
Price (Level) Ability 
Each of these fine steel bracers is inlaid with a golden image of a swooping manticore. 
Bracers of aerial combat grant you a +1 com­petence bonus on attack rolls if you or the foe you attack is airborne. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, gust of wind, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
GLOVES OF ENDLESS JAVELINS 
Price (Item Level): 7,000 gp (11th) Body Slot: Hands Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation Activation: Free (command) Weight: — 
This pair of black leather gloves is set with golden studs, each embossed with the image of a manticore's head. 
Gloves of endless javelins allow you to rain death down on your enemies. When you activate these gloves, a +1 javelin made of pure force appears in your hand. 
A javelin created by the gloves lasts until you resolve an attack with it or until the end of your turn, whichever comes first. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft Wondrous Item, magic misl sile, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 3,500 gp, 280 XP, 7 days. 

HELM OF THE HUNTER Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination Activation: — or standard (mental) Weight: 1 lb. 
This gold and mithral helm looks like the bristle-bearded head of a manticore. 
A helm of the hunter grants you a +5 com­petence bonus on Spot checks and the benefit of the Far Shot feat. These effects function continuously. 

5,000 (9th)  +1 attack while you or foe is airborne  
7,000 (11th)  Create temporary +7 javelin  
8,000 (11th)  DR 10/magic against ranged attacks if you or foe is airborne  
9,000 (12th)  +5 Spot; Far Shot; 1/day low-light vision and darkvision for 4 hours  
12,000 (13th)  5/day fly 60 ft. (good) for 5 rounds  

When you activate this helm, you gain low-light vision and darkvision out to 60 feet for 4 hours. This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, clairaudience/clairvoyance, darkvision, pos­session of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days. 
MEDALLION OF AERIAL DEFENSE 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This medallion is composed of a manticore's head and wings exquisitely crafted in gold and hung from a black leather band. 
A medallion of aerial defense grants you damage reduction 10/magic against ranged weapons, as long as either you or your attacker is airborne. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, prol tection from arrows, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
WINGED VEST 
Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This black leather vest is decorated with fine black scales and has a pair of dragonlike wings folded against its back 
When you activate a winged vest, it unfolds its manticore wings and allows you to fly at a speed of 60 feet (good maneuverability) for 5 rounds. 
A winged vest functions five times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, fly, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
FIVE VIRTUES 

Whether brave or meek, you will wake to valor when girded with the five virl tues, legendary implements of courage brandished by knights of a previous age. When the five virtues are worn in part or in whole, bold heroism blazes within your chest. 
These five items were created to help knights uphold their values. The abili­ties granted by the set bolster various abilities of that class (PH2 24), but the items are also useful for warriors of other disciplines. 
LORE 

Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (nobility and royalty), or who have the bardic knowledge ability, can research the five virtues to learn more about these items. When a character succeeds on a check, the following lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: In an age now past, an order of knights was chartered to defend against illithid incursions. For hundreds of years, the knights fought against all manner of infiltration, control, and even attempts at invading small border kingdoms. Through it all, the knights prevailed, relying on their code to give them strength and resolve. This code was a manifestation of five virtues upon which the order was founded. 
Those virtues came to be embodied in a special set of magic items called, appropriately enough, the five virtues. The items exemplified honor, freedom, valor, vigilance, and sacrifice. 
DC 20: The knightly order is long gone, and even its name is lost to history. How­ever, archivists have studied relics found in the ancient ruins of their stronghold. Through knowledge gained thereby, they learned about the lost virtues of the knights. Archivists suspect, based on clues unearthed in their delvings, that some or all of the five virtues might yet be found in far-separated keeps, or perhaps in isolated treasures of long-lived subter­ranean monsters. 
DC 25: Recently, a group of miners opened a new face on a coal seam they had found long ago. Almost immediately they broke into a cavity long sealed from the surface. The cavity contained a warm, salty lake in which eyeless, albino, many-legged creatures swam. Unable to plumb the lake's depth, the miners did find an ancient ruin on the lake's edge—some sort of fortress, calcified under years of dripstone. In it they found some barely preserved records of the knightly order. The incomplete records claimed a dead mind flayer community lay sealed beneath the lake, and within that carcass of ancient evil lay one or more pieces of the five virtues stolen from the knights. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher reveals the location of another piece of the set. Use this to drive further adven­ture and direct the PCs toward some location or story you would like them to explore. 
COLLECTION BENEFITS 
The wearer of the five virtues gains benefits that aid his ability to fight honorably and help his allies. 
When you wear two pieces of the set, your eyes shine and sparkle with brav­ery. When you wear all five virtues and activate the power of the shield of vigor, the virtues take on a silvery sheen as if lit from a plane where valor and virtue rule supreme. 
2 Pieces: You gain a +1 morale bonus on Will saves. 5 Pieces: Adjacent allies gain a +1 bonus to AC. 
ARMBAND OF CONFRONTATION 
Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This bright red band is worn around the bicep. 
While wearing an armband of confrontation, your fighting challenge (PH2 25) lasts an extra 3 rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, divine favor, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 
CRYSTAL OF ALACRITY Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) Body Slot: — (armor crystal) Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — Weight: — 
This small crystal bears a carved relief of an armored knight. 
FIVE VIRTUES PIECES AND ABILITIES 
Piece 
Armband of confrontation Standard of valor Medal of steadfast honor Crystal of alacrity Shield of vigor 
FIVE VIRTUES COLLECTIONPieces Worn 
2 pieces 
5 pieces 

Body Slot 
Arms 
Shoulders 
Throat 
—
 (armor 

—
 (held) 


 BENEFITS Benefit 

+1 on Will saves 
Price (Level) 
1,400 gp (4th) 1,400 gp (5th) 1,500 gp (5th) 3,500 gp (8th) 6,170 gp (10th) 

Adjacent allies gain +1 AC 
When attached to medium or heavy armor, this lesser augment crystal (see page 221 for details) grants you a +5-foot morale bonus to your land speed. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, longstrider, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 4 days. 

MEDAL OF STEADFAST HONOR 
Price (Item Level): 1,500 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 
This heavy gold medal is engravedfon about to take flight. 
+ 7 heavy
 with a grifl 

If you are knocked prone, you can acti­vate a medal of steadfast honor to instantly regain your feet in the space where you were standing. 
A medal functions once per day, but if you have the knight's challenge class feature (PH2 25), you can activate the medal again by expending a daily use of that ability. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, feather fall, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 750 gp, 60 XP, 2 days. 
Ability 

Fighting challenge lasts 3 extra rounds Grant ally extra save against fear effect Immediately stand if knocked prone +5 ft. speed crystal) 
shield grants fast healing 5 for 3 rounds 
SHIELD OF VIGOR 
Price (Item Level): 6,170 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) conjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: 15 lb. 

This solid shield is lacquered in white with an image of a gold dragon at the center. A single red tear falls from the dragon's left eye. 
This +1 heavy steel shield rewards you for your unwavering loyalty and self-sacrifice. When you activate the shield, you gain fast healing 5 for 3 rounds. 
Five virtues 

A shield of vigor functions once per day, 
but if you have the knight's challenge 
class feature (PH2 25), you can activate 
the shield again by expending a daily use 
of that ability 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and 
Armor, vigor (SC 229), possession of a 
piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 3,000 gp (plus 170 for 
masterwork heavy steel shield), 240 XP, 
6 days. 
STANDARD OF VALOR 
Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders; see text 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) abjuration 
Activation: Immediate (command) 

Weight: 4 lb. 
This magnificent standard is emblazoned with the image of a red griffon. 
This magic banner is part of a wide mantle 
you can wear attached to your shoulders. 
The standard can also be affixed to a pole, 
spear, or polearm, thus freeing up your 
shoulders slot but requiring you to wield 
the weapon to which it is attached in order 
to gain the item's benefit. 
The standard enhances your ability 
to inspire your allies on the battlefield. 
When you activate a standard of valor, you 
can grant one ally within 60 feet another 
save against a fear effect currently affect­
ing him or about to affect him. 
A standard of valor functions once per 
day, but if you have the knight's challenge 
class feature (PH2 25) or the marshal's 
grant move action class feature (MH 13), 
you can activate the standard of valor again 
by expending a daily use of one of those 
abilities. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, 
remove fear, possession of a piece of the 
set. 
Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 
FLEET WARRIOR'S ARRAY 
The fleet warrior's array is a work of art, both in craftsmanship and magic. Apart, the items prove a great boon, but together they make their wearer as swift as the wind and just as elusive. The items in this set enable the elf warriors it was designed for to move exceptionally quickly, as well as to fight effectively under any conditions and in all types of terrain. While wearing this set, these warriors were almost impos­sible to capture or even slow down. 
The fleet warrior's array should appeal to virtually any character, though spellcast­ers get less benefit from bracers of blinding strike than adventurers who focus on weapon attacks. Rogues and other stealthy characters in particular should consider the fleet warrior's array. Gaining an extra sneak attack while flanking can be criti­cal, and the benefits to mobility provided by the array allow a rogue to focus less on skills such as Tumble and Escape Artist, and instead invest in other useful skills. 
LORE 

Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (arcana), or who have the bardic knowl­edge ability, can research the fleet warrior's array to learn more about these items. When a character succeeds on a check, the following lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: The fleet warrior's array was created by an elf kingdom for a legion of warriors chosen for their speed and endurance. Called the Green Runners, these warriors received special training that built upon their talents. They were noted for tirelessly running long distances and for acting as expert scouts and com­mandos. The Green Runners were the kingdom's elite fighting force, and bands of Green Runners were occasionally sent to aid the kingdom's allies. 
The warriors received pieces of the fleet 
warrior's array as an indication of rank. The 
highest-ranking members owned all three 
and were elevated out of the ranks of the 
legion to serve as an elite cadre of Green 
Runner guards for the royal family. Each 
of the elves in this group effectively held 
the rank of general and acted as an advisor 
to the king and queen, a position to which 
every Green Runner could aspire. 
Tales of the Green Runners have trav­eled widely, and in many of the lands surrounding their former kingdom, elves and half-elves tell tales of their bravery and prowess. An elf or half-elf wearing an item from the fleet warrior's array is often mistaken for one of the Green Runners by those who know the stories. 
DC 20: When the elf kingdom was conquered by its enemies, the Green Runner generals went into hiding, taking with them the pregnant queen and the last hope of preserving the dynasty. They vanished into the depths of a huge and ancient forest, and efforts to locate their hideout proved futile. 
When the Green Runners fled into the forest with the elf queen they split into many small groups to confuse their pursuers. The group that guarded the queen never rejoined the rest, and now the Green Runners who remain search for clues to what happened to their leader and her child. If the queen gave birth, the royal heir would now be an adult, perhaps ignorant of his or her heritage. 
DC 25: Some say that the Green Runner generals were traitors to the elf kingdom, and they kidnapped the queen for some personal gain. Those who tell these tales blame the fall of the empire on the gen­erals, because the king lacked his best fighters and advisors when the kingdom was attacked and was forced to divide his attention between two foes. That the Green Runners now seek the queen and her child there can be no doubt, but whether the Green Runners who seek them are the generals or those from the rank and file, none can say. 
FLEET WARRIOR'S ARRAY  PIECES AND  ABILITIES  
Body  
Piece  Slot  Price (Level)  Ability  

Bracers of blinding strike Arms 5,000 gp (9th) +2 initiative; 3/day extra attack with full attack Sandals of the light step Feet 9,000 gp (12th) +10 speed; pass without trace; not slowed by difficult terrain; 1/day water walk Vest of free movement Torso 12,000 gp (13th) 3/day freedom of movement for 3 rounds 
FLEET WARRIOR'S ARRAY COLLECTION BENEFITS Pieces Worn Benefit 
2 pieces +2 AC against attacks of opportunity 
3 pieces Dimension door 1/day 

DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher reveals the location of another piece of the set. Use this to drive further adventure and direct the PCs toward some location or story you would like them to explore. 
COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Parts of the fleet warrior's array give their wearer the ability to dance in and out of melee with impunity, and wearing the whole set allows the wearer to instanta­neously travel to a nearby location and take others along. When someone wears the entire set, the mithral parts of the items turn into glowing emeralds that briefly leave a trail of green light in the air as the wearer moves. 
2 Pieces: You gain a +2 dodge bonus to AC against attacks of opportunity. 
3 Pieces: You can use dimension door (CL 7th) as a standard (command) action once per day. 
BRACERS OF BLINDING STRIKE 
Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 12th 

Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation 
Activation: — and swift (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This pair of elegant bracers is crafted from green leather with mithral tracery that looks like vines. Tiny, leaf-shaped plates of silver branch off the mithral to create a glimmerl ing pattern. 
These bracers grant you a +2 compe­tence bonus on initiative checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When you activate bracers of blinding strike, you can make one additional attack with any weapon you are holding, as long as you have already used the full attack action during the turn. This attack is made at your full base attack bonus, plus any modifiers appropriate to the situa­tion. This effect is not cumulative with any other effect that grants you an extra attack when making a full attack, such as the Rapid Shot feat, a speed weapon, or the haste spell. 
This ability can be used three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, haste, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
SANDALS OF THE LIGHT STEP 
Price (Item Level): 9,000 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — and swift (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These exquisite sandals are made of mithral and green leather, and they bear intricate overlapping pieces of leather crafted to look like leaves. 
Wearing a pair of sandals of the light step provides you with a +10-foot enhancement bonus to your base land speed, and you can ignore any extra movement costs for difficult terrain (PH 148). You also leave no tracks, as if affected by pass without trace. 
When you activate these sandals, you gain the benefit of a water walk spell for 60 minutes. You can share this effect with up to five allies adjacent to you when you activate the sandals, though doing this reduces the overall duration accordingly. For example, if you share the effect with one other person, the duration is 30 min­utes apiece; if you share it with 5 other people, the duration is 10 minutes apiece. This ability functions once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, longstrider, pass without trace, water walk, 
possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 4,500 gp, 360 XP, 9 days. 
VEST OF FREE MOVEMENT 
Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 7th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: Swift (command) 
Weight: — 
This forest green vest is set with fine mithral studs. Whorls of silver thread create vinelike designs that crawl over its surface. 
When activated, a vest of freedom grants you freedom of movement (as the spell) for 3 rounds. This ability functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, freedom of movement, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
GARB OF THE 
HUNTING CAT 


Although made of mere steel and skin, the garb of the hunting cat presents a powerful combination of abilities that makes any wearer a deadly predator. This garb gives you the rending claws, incredible stealth, and hunting ability of a tiger. While anyone can wear the garb and become like the beast, only the most skilled combat­ants can use the abilities of the garb of the hunting cat to their fullest. 
Characters of any melee-oriented class can find the garb of the hunting cat useful, but the set provides benefits most suited to rangers, rogues, ninjas, and scouts. Feats that help you capitalize on the set's abilities include Spring Attack and Two-Weapon Fighting. 
LORE 
Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (arcana), or who have the bardic knowl­edge ability, can research the garb of the hunting cat to learn more about these items. When a character succeeds on a check, the following lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: The garb of the hunting cat first came to light due to a number of shocking attacks upon human and elf settlements. The countryside was terrorized by strange, tigerlike people who would slaughter whole villages. The creatures were dif­ficult to track and, when overmatched, vanished into thin air. When at last one 
Claw gloves 

was killed, the victors discovered not a 
monster but a man wearing the garb of 
the hunting cat. 

DC 20: Those who attacked the 
elves and humans were members 
of a cult of rakshasa worshipers. 
Each of the cultists was outfit­
ted with a set of the garb of the 
hunting cat, and participat­
ing in a "hunt" against other 
humanoids was a necessary 
part of the rite of passage to 
receive a set. Most of the sets 
ended up in the hands of those 
who survived cultist assaults 
and were later sold. Many who 
now wear parts of the garb of the 
hunting cat are ignorant of the set's 
bloody history. 

DC 25: The raksasha at the center 
of the cult was confronted, but it 
escaped and might still be alive. It's 
said that the evil creature can be 
recognized in any form it adopts 
because its natural form has pure 
white fur without stripes, and it 
seems incapable of creating hair 
with any pigment when it adopts 
another shape. 

Many of those who have collected the entire garb of the hunting cat set have died by the claws of some kind of an animal. Stories abound of hunting trips gone wrong, supposedly domesticated beasts going wild, and even of ter­rible bloody deaths behind locked doors that no animals should be able to penetrate. The common thread through all these stories is that the death occurred when the owner of the garb was not wearing it. If the rakshasa is at fault, as many suspect, its motives remain a mystery because the pieces are always left behind with the body of their owner. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher reveals the location of another piece of the set. Use this to drive further adventure 
GARB OF THE HUNTING CAT PIECES ANDBody 
and direct the PCs toward some location or  
story you would like them to explore.  
COLLECTION BENEFITS  
The garb  of the  hunting  cat  provides  you  
with  a  deadly rending  attack  and  the  
power  to  disappear  from  sight.  When  
wearing the entire garb of the hunting  cat,  
you take on the appearance of a humanoid  
tiger during combat. When this occurs,  
the fur  on the various items appears  to  
be that of a living creature, making you  
appear something like a bestial rakshasa  
or weretiger.  
2 Pieces: If, during your turn, you hit  
a single foe with both a primary  claw  
glove attack and an off-hand claw glove  
attack, the second attack rends, dealing  
an extra  3d6 points of damage. You  
can rend only once per round.  
3 Pieces: Once per day, you can  
use invisibility  on yourself (CL 3rd)  
as a standard (mental) action.  
CLAW GLOVES  
Price (Item Level): 5,604 gp  
(10th)  
Body Slot: Hands  
Caster Level: 5th  
Aura: Faint; (DC 17)  
transmutation  
Activation:  —  
Weight: 1 lb.  
These  gloves  are made  from  tiger  
skin  and fitted  with  sharp  steel  
claws  on the end of each  finger.  
Claw  gloves  are treated as a  
pair of +1 punching  dagl  
gers  for  the  purpose  
of  fighting  with  them  
when  both  are  worn.  
However, wearing  claw  
gloves does not inhibit your  
ability to wield other weap­ 
ons or otherwise use your hands.  
Garb  of the hunting  cat  In addition, if you charge or use Spring  
Attack while you are wearing claw  gloves  
 ABILITIES  

Piece  Slot  Price (Level)  Ability  
Mask of the tiger  Face  4,000 gp (8th)  Cain Track (or +5 Survival); low-light vision  
Claw  gloves  Hands  5,604 gp (10th)  +1 punching  daggers;  two claw attacks on charge or Spring Attack  
Mantle of the  predator  Shoulders  8,000 gp (11th)  +5 on Hide and Move Silently; +ld6 against foes denied Dex bonus  
to AC  

GARB OF THE HUNTING CAT COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Pieces Worn  Benefit  
2 pieces  Rend with claw  gloves  
3 pieces  1/day  invisibility  

Mantle of the predator 
Mask of the tiger 

and both your hands are empty, you can make an off-hand claw glove attack in addition to the normal claw glove attack granted (though both attacks take normal penalties for fighting with two weapons). You can't combine this extra attack with an attack with any other weapon, nor is it cumulative with any other effect that grants you extra attacks when charging or using Spring 
Attack. Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Craft 
Wondrous Item, magic fang, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 
2,500 gp (plus 604 gp for two masterwork punching daggers), 
200 XP, 5 days. 
MANTLE OF THE PREDATOR 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp 

(11th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 2 lb. 
This short, flexible cape is made from tigerskin and feels warm to the touch. 
A mantle of the predator grants you a +5 

competence bonus on Hide and Move Silently checks. In addition, you deal an extra 1d6 points of damage with melee attacks against foes denied their Dexterity bonus to AC. Crea­tures with concealment, creatures without discernible anatomies, and creatures immune to extra damage from critical hits are all immune to this extra damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, cat's grace, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 
MASK OF THE TIGER 
Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) 

transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This steel mask is covered with tiger skin and fitted with actual tiger teeth. 
A mask of the tiger provides you with the benefit of the Track feat (or, if you already have that feat, a +5 competence bonus on Survival checks). In addition, you gain low-light vision. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, low-light vision (SC 134), possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
GHARYN'S MONASTIC ARRAY 
The half-moon shaped blade of the kama is dangerous enough, but it becomes deadly when infused with the power of ki. When wielding this array of monastic tools, you become as the wind: at times violent and unstoppable, at other times a darting blur of speed. 
Gharyn's monastic array is most useful for a monk, especially one who uses a kama to enhance her hand-to-hand fighting. Each of the items allows its wielder to better mimic the natural movements of a certain animal, and some wielders believe that by mimicking motions found in nature, they will be able to merge their physical and spiritual consciousnesses. 

LORE 
Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (arcana), or who have the bardic knowl­edge ability, can research Gharyn's monastic array to learn more about these items. When a character succeeds on a check, the following lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: The original monastic array was discovered amid the ashes of a fallen monk known as Gharyn. He died sacrificing his life to protect his brother monks from the wrath of a red dragon. Many believe that the dragon's fire charged Gharyn's array with magical power. 
DC 20: The Monastery of the Lone Dove, a haven for ascetic monks devoted to Pelor, had strict policies of asceticism, silence, and discipline. Brothers ate two bowls of rice per day, were allowed to speak ten words outside of prayer, and had to be in their chambers by sundown. Some brothers chafed under this strict regimen. One was a monk named Gharyn. 
Gharyn didn't believe such restric­
tions applied to him. While he espoused 
the support of law and order, he felt the 

monastery's strictures were meaning­
less, and he claimed they even hindered 
the success of a lawful society. Need­
less to say, this belief did not make him 
particularly popular among his very 
conservative and traditional brothers. He 
knew that a change was needed, but that 
it had to occur gradually for the brothers 
to accept it. 
Gharyn slowly altered his behavior 
and routine. He substituted barley for 
his bowl of rice and used long, multisyl­
labic words for his ten per day. He was in 
his room by sundown, but stayed up well 
past midnight. 
While many brothers objected to his actions, Gharyn developed a cult follow­ing in the monastery. He began to train his supporters in unusual fighting styles from around the world. He urged them to reject meaningless strictures, but encour­aged people to follow the greater rules of society. This was not a rejection of order as much as an acknowledgment of the universe's true laws and mysteries. 
The Monastery of the Lone Dove had begun proceedings to expel Gharyn, but fate stepped in when a flight of rampaging dragons attacked. Many of the monks, so used to their daily routines, were unable to conduct a proper defense against a siege by dragons. Gharyn took charge and led the monks in battle, proving an able leader. In the end, he sacrificed himself by shielding the other monks from the breath of a red dragon. His sacrifice gave the others time to mount an offense that repelled the dragons. In his ashes, three items remained: a set of foot wrappings, a mask, and a kama. 
The items that remained among Gharyn's ashes became the uniform of the Monastery of the Lone Dove. The monks traveled far and wide, popularizing the beliefs—and attire—of Gharyn. 
DC 25: A monk named Nobara Lame decries Gharyn's memory, saying that those who fondly remember the rebel­lious monk are lying to themselves: 
GHARYN'S MONASTIC ARRAY PIECES ANDBody 
Strictures bring structure, structure lends itself to law and an ascetic lifestyle. Nobara's anger over the rebellious spirit popularized by Gharyn's "lucky" sacrifice has grown so extreme that his days are now spent traveling between monaster­ies to proclaim his views. Whenever he comes upon someone wearing a piece of Gharyn's monastic array, whether original or a copy, he calls that person out in a duel to the death. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher reveals the location of another piece of the set. Use this to drive further adventure and direct the PCs toward some location or story you would like them to explore. 
COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Any combination of two parts of Gharyn's monastic array grants deadly efficacy to your stunning attacks and gives your physical movement an animalistic swift­ness and savagery. When using all three pieces, your arm briefly seems to take the form of a striking scorpion's tail. 
2 Pieces: Add +1 to the save DC of your Stunning Fist attacks. 
3 Pieces: When you score a critical hit with a scorpion kama, you can expend one of your daily uses of Stunning Fist as a free action to make that attack a stunning attack. (If you don't have the Stunning Fist feat, this benefit has no effect). 
COBRA STRAPS 
Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: Free (mental) 
Weight: — 

These simple green straps are meant to be wrapped around the feet. 
When you make an unarmed attack at the end of a charge, immediately after you attempt the attack, you can activate 
 ABILITIES 

cobra straps to move 5 feet away from the target without provoking attacks of opportunity. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, expeditious retreat, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 
PANTHER MASK 
Price (Item Level): 2,700 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: — 

This silk half-mask unmistakably mimics the visage of a hunting cat. 
A panther mask grants you the benefit of the Run feat. If you wear light or no armor, you also gain a +5-foot enhance­ment bonus to your land speed. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, longl strider, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 1,350 gp, 108 XP, 3 days. 
SCORPION KAMA Price (Item Level): 6,302 gp (10th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 10th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: — Weight: 2 lb. 
This simple kama is unadorned except for a single scorpion etched into the blade. 
This +1 kama deals damage equal to your 
unarmed strike damage (if that is greater 
than the normal damage for a kama). 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, Stunning Fist, magic weapon, pos­session of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 3,000 gp (plus 302 gp for masterwork kama), 240 XP, 6 days. 
Piece Slot Price (Level) Ability 
Cobra straps Feet 1,400 gp (5th) 1/day move 5 feet after charge Panther mask Face 2,700 gp (7th) Run; +5-ft. bonus to speed in light or no armor Scorpion kama - (held) 6,302 gp (10th) +1 kama deals unarmed strike damage 
GHARYN'S MONASTIC ARRAY COLLECTION BENEFITS Pieces Worn Benefit 
2 pieces +1 to Stunning Fist attack DC 
3 pieces Critical hit with scorpion kama delivers Stunning Fist attack 

INSTRUMENTS OF THE BLOOD GIFT 

The three instruments of the blood gift fuel magic through personal sacrifice. When precious blood is spilled, magical energy is unleashed. With the proper instru­ments, that energy can be harnessed, directed, and used toward ends both foul and fair. 
The instruments of the blood gift are most useful for sorcerers who want to further enhance their sorcery—if they aren't too squeamish to sacrifice their own blood. Characters of draconic origin can also make use of the instruments' power, regardless of class. 
LORE 
Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (arcana), or who have the bardic knowledge ability, can research the instruments of the blood gift to learn more about these items. When a character succeeds on a check, the following lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: The instruments of the blood gift were created by a sorcerer named Palaman­dius, who used the principle behind their manufacture to free himself and other sorcerers from the tyranny of a mysterious group called the Wizards of the Pure. 
DC 20: A cabal known as the Wiz­ards of the Pure sought to eliminate all inborn magical talent in the world. The cabal despised all those who came by their magic from birth without study or sacrifice—they equated such gifts with devilish pacts and demonic corruption. The Pure spoke of the dangers of uncon­trolled magical ability and "untrained talent." 
In truth, the Wizards of the Pure did more than seek—they sent out agents to secretly round up a sampling of sorcerers and other spontaneous spellcasters. Across many lands, sorcerers of power large and small went missing. 

The captives found themselves bound within the confines of a dead zone where magic, both inborn and learned, was suppressed. There they were housed, without explanation and without hope of release. The Wizards of the Pure hoped that they could kill a creature's talent for sorcery if the flame was doused long enough. All the kidnapped sorcerers served the Pure as subjects in this hate­ful experiment. 
Fortunately for the captives, one among them, a spellscale (see Races of the Dragon) named Palamandius, possessed particular talent. In his dreams, he could almost taste again the magic that once ran in his blood. In those dreams, he found salvation. Using the power of his own blood to wake and catalyze his suppressed sorcery—even within the dead magic zone—he blasted himself and his companions free. Unpre­pared for the escape, the Pure saw its power base destroyed. 
With the insight gained while in cap­tivity, Palamandius crafted his item set, which is powered through a sacrifice of blood. As a result, he named them the 
instruments of the blood gift. 
DC 25: A scattering of surviving mem­bers of the Wizards of the Pure still lurk in large cities and villages. Now and then, one or more of them, working alone or in temporary alliance, decides to murder a passing sorcerer out of fear and rage over the splintering of their once-powerful cabal. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher reveals the location of another piece of the set. Use this to drive further adven­ture and direct the PCs toward some location or story you would like them to explore. 

COLLECTION BENEFITS 
When you wear two instruments of the blood gift, your eyes take on a reddish tint and your skin becomes faintly ruddy. When wearing all three parts, your eyes smolder with liquid fire and your skin flushes with empowered blood. 
2 Pieces: You automatically stabilize when reduced to -1 to -9 hit points. 
3 Pieces: You can expend a sorcerer spell slot as a swift (command) action to heal yourself of a number of points of damage equal to twice the spell slot's level. This ability functions three times per day. 

BANDS OF BLOOD RAGE 
Price (Item Level): 2,600 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Arms 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Faint; (DC 17) enchantment 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 2 lb. 
These armbands are made from red gold studded with tiny rubies. Dozens of needle-sharp spikes extend slightly from the inside of the bands. 
Each time you don bands of blood rage, they deal 1 point of damage to you. This damage can't be healed as long as you wear these armbands. 
When you activate bands of blood rage, 
you and any willing ally within 30 feet can 
enter a blood rage that lasts for 5 rounds. 

Instruments of the blood gift 
INSTRUMENTS OF THE BLOOD GIFT
Body  
Piece  Slot  
Bands of blood  rage  Arms  
Barb of  retribution  Hands  
Blood claw  choker  Throat  

INSTRUMENTS OF THE BLOOD GIFT COLLECTION BENEFITS Pieces Worn Benefit 2 pieces Automatically stabilize at -1 to -9 hp 3 pieces 3/day expend sorcerer spell slot to heal damage 
 PIECES AND  ABILITIES  
Price (Level) 2,600 gp (7th) 4,500 gp (9th) 12,000 gp (13th)  Ability 3/day grant blood rage 1/day force enemy to reroll save with penalty +2 Con; 2/day regain sorcerer spell slot  

This blood rage can't be ended prema­turely except by unconsciousness or any effect that would end a rage (such as a calm emotions spell). Unlike a barbarian's rage, the blood rage doesn't limit your actions in any way. 
While in a blood rage, a character gains a +5 morale bonus on melee weapon damage rolls. However, each affected creature also takes 5 points of damage each round at the end of its turn as its own body suffers under the strain. If you are a sorcerer or you have the dragon­blood subtype (see Races of the Dragon or Dragon Magic), you also gain a +5 morale bonus on damage with your arcane spells while in a blood rage created by bands you wear. 
Bands of the blood rage function three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, rage, sorcerer or dragonblood subtype, posses­sion of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 1,300 gp, 104 XP, 3 days. 
BARBS OF RETRIBUTION 
Price (Item Level): 4,500 gp (9th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) necromancy 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

These barbed chains are forged of reddish metal. 
Each time you don barbs of retribution, they deal 1 point of damage to you. This damage can't be healed as long as you wear these barbed hand wrappings. 
When you activate barbs of retribution and sacrifice a sorcerer spell slot of 2nd level or higher, you can force an enemy within 30 feet to reroll a saving throw that just succeeded, with a penalty equal to half the level of the spell sacrificed. This effect manifests as a stream of arcane energy flowing from your hands toward the target. 
If you have the dragonblood subtype (see Races of the Dragon or Dragon Magic), you can instead sacrifice your own hit points when activating the barbs. You must sacrifice at least 5 hit points, and the rerolled save is made with a penalty equal to -1 per 5 hit points expended (maximum -5 for 25 hit points spent). This effect manifests as a stream of fiery blood flowing from your hands toward the target. 
Barbs of retribution function once per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bestow curse, sorcerer or dragonblood sub­type, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 2,250 gp, 180 XP, 5 days. 
BLOOD CLAW CHOKER Price (Item Level): 12,000 gp (13th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) necromancy and transmutation Activation: — and swift (mental) Weight: — 
This unusual device appears to be some sort of amulet worn as a choker necklace. However, sharp barbs point inward, and look capable of shredding muscle and flesh. 
Each time you don a blood claw choker, it deals 1 point of damage to you. This damage can't be healed as long as you wear the item. 
A blood claw choker grants you a +2 enhancement bonus to your Con­stitution score. This effect functions continuously. 
In addition, when you activate a blood claw choker, you regain any one sorcerer spell slot that you have already used today (up to a maximum of 5th level). The slot becomes available as if you had never cast a spell of that level. At the time you activate it, the choker deals damage to you equal to twice the level of the spell slot regained. This ability functions twice per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, bear's endurance, vampiric touch, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 6,000 gp, 480 XP, 12 days. 
RAIMENT OF 
THE FOUR 

The items of the raiment of the four are energized by the four cornerstones of the world: earth, sky, sea, and sun. When you don pieces of the four, you become more attuned with reality itself, even gaining a measure of control over it. 
Individual items from the raiment are useful to any character, and the entire set is particularly useful for druids, rangers, and any other spellcasters who travel to difficult, dangerous places. 
LORE 

Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (arcana) or Knowledge (nature), or who have the bardic knowledge ability, can research the raiment of the four to learn more about these items. When a character succeeds on a check, the following lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: A charismatic druid named Alain made his home in the village of Ra'anan. The village was the target of vari­ous natural disasters—droughts, floods, tornados, and more. Alain was able to fend off many of these disasters because of his bond with nature. One night a vision came to him, instructing him in the methods to create a set of magic items tied to the earth, sky, sea, and sun. Following the instruc­tions from his vision, Alain traveled to the four corners of the world to gather the necessary components for each item. 
Once constructed, the raiment of the four aided Alain in his exploits, which eventu­ally expanded beyond the small village in which he was born. With the raiment he could travel safely through deadly areas of the world, and survive once there. Alain 
RAIMENT OF THE FOUR PIECES AND  ABILITIES  
Body  
Piece  Slot  Price (Level)  Ability  
Gloves of the starry  sky  Hands  1,100 gp (4th)  Emit light; 3/day spontaneously cast magic  missile  
Goggles of the golden sun  Face  4,000 gp (8th)  Immune to blindness, dazzling; 3/day spontaneously  cast  fireball  
Periapt  of the sullen  sea  Throat  6,000 gp (10th)  Hold breath 12 hours; 2/day spontaneously cast freedom  of  movement  
Belt of the wide  earth  Waist  8,000 gp (11th)  Carrying capacity doubled; 2/day spontaneously cast  teleport  

RAIMENT OF THE FOUR COLLECTION BENEFITS Pieces Worn Benefit 
2 pieces Resistance to cold 5 3 pieces Resistance to cold 5, electricity 5 4 pieces Resistance to cold 5, electricity 5, and fire 5; 1/day commune (4 questions) 
traveled the worlds for the rest of his days, never again returning to Ra'anan. 
DC 20: Alain's spirit is said to be drawn to pieces of the raiment. If all four pieces are brought together, Alain's spirit can communicate with the wearer, imparting secrets of the multiverse. 
DC 25: The orc shaman Grotarb the Sly once wore the raiment of the four, but only briefly. The orcs of Grotarb's tribe heard strange cries in the night from the shaman's private cavern. The next day, the orcs of the tribe found the drowned, burned, and partly dis­membered body of their shaman, but no pieces of the raiment. It's said to this day that Grotarb's dark spirit is sometimes drawn to those who find two or more pieces of the raiment, hoping to visit upon them the same harm that the great spiritual force visited upon him. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or 
higher reveals the location of another 
piece of the set. Use this to drive 
further adventure and direct the PCs 
toward some location or story you 
would like them to explore. 

COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Wearing multiple pieces of the 
raiment of the four grants you an 
increasing number of protections 
derived from aspects of the sky, 
sun, sea, and earth. 

When you wear all four 
parts and use a belt of the wide 
earth to teleport, it seems as 
if a pillar of fire strikes down 
from the sky to engulf you (and 
anyone else being transported). 
When the flame dissipates, the 
travelers are gone. 

2 Pieces: You gain resis­

tance to cold 5; this stacks 
with any similar resistances you have from your race, class, or template. 
3 Pieces: You gain resistance to cold 5 and electricity 5, which stacks as described above. 
4 Pieces: You gain resistance to cold 5, electricity 5, and fire 5, which stacks as described above. Once per day, you can ask four questions of the spirit of the druid Alain, as the commune spell (CL 9th), but using this ability negates the energy resistances granted by the raiment until the next sunrise. 
BELT OF THE WIDE EARTH 
Price (Item Level): 8,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Waist 
Caster Level: 9th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) conjuration 
Activation: — and standard (mental) 
Weight: — 

Made of thick leather, this belt is covered in cracks and fissures reminiscent of dry earth and fastened by a large, obsidian buckle. 
While wearing a belt of the wide earth, 
your carrying capacity is doubled. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, two times per day you can activate the belt and sacrifice a prepared spell or spell slot of 5th level or higher to use teleport (as the spell), using your own caster level or that of the belt, whichever is higher. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, telel port, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 4,000 gp, 320 XP, 8 days. 

GLOVES OF THE STARRY SKY 
Price (Item Level): 1,100 gp (4th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 15) evocation 
Activation: — and standard (mental) 
Weight: — 
These supple gloves are velvet black. In their darkness, stars seem to swim. 
Raiment of the four 

While wearing gloves of the starry sky, you emit a bright, silvery radiance equivalent to a light spell. You can douse or renew this light with a standard (mental) action. 
In addition, three times per day you can activate these gloves and sacrifice a prepared spell or spell slot of 1st level or higher to use magic missile (as the spell), using your own caster level rather than that of the gloves. The missiles created by the gloves appear as a series of tiny falling stars. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, magic missile, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 550 gp, 44 XP, 2 days. 
GOGGLES OF THE GOLDEN SUN 
Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: — and standard (mental) 
Weight: — 

The reflective gold lenses of these goggles are gripped in thick midnight blue steel wrapped in leather. 
While wearing goggles of the golden sun, you are immune to blindness and dazzling effects. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, three times per day you can activate these goggles and sacrifice a prepared spell or spell slot of 3rd level or higher to use fireball (as the spell; Reflex DC 14 half), using your own caster level or that of the goggles, whichever is higher. The fireball created by the gloves resembles a hurtling, exploding comet. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, firel ball, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
PERIAPT OF THE SULLEN SEA 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) abjuration 
Activation: — and standard (mental) 
Weight: — 
This sea-blue gem seems to shiver and flow, as a drop of seawater barely able to maintain its shape. 
While wearing a periapt of the sullen sea, you can hold your breath for up to 12 hours before having to make Constitu­tion checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, two times per day you can activate the periapt and sacrifice a prepared spell or spell slot of 4th level or higher to use freedom of movement (as the spell), using your own caster level or that of the periapt, whichever is higher. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, freedom of movement, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 
RAIMENT OF THE STORMWALKER 
To wear the raiment of the Stormwalker is to become the storm. With it, you can travel on the thunderclouds and strike at foes like lightning. Cloaked in clouds, booming like thunder, and crackling with electricity, you become a tempest. 
The raiment of the Stormwalker works best in the hands of a monk, druid, or other character who enters melee but prefers not to wear armor. In particular, a druid should consider the items of this set, as its powers are available while in wild shape. However, a character of any class should consider collecting at least two pieces of the set to gain some of the raiment's lesser collection benefits and the abilities of the desired items. 
LORE 

Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (arcana) or Knowledge (nature), or who have the bardic knowledge ability, can research the raiment of the Stormwalker to learn more about these items. When a character succeeds on a check, the fol­lowing lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: The first Stormwalker was a half-orc druid. Unwelcome in the societies of both parents, he learned to live in the wilderness. The seasons were his teach­ers, and the beasts his family. The half-orc brought the rains to wash away his father's village and a lightning strike to consume his mother's home. Then he took the storm as his symbol and came to be known as the Stormwalker. He crafted the first raiment of the Stormwalker for himself, and since his death, the secrets of its creation and the title of Stormwalker have been passed on to others. 
DC 20: The first Stormwalker was killed by his half-sister in revenge for his deadly attack on their human mother's home. She was killed out of vengeance as well, dying at the hands of the Stormwalker's orc father, who desired the power of his son's creations. The secrets of the raiment thus passed into the possession of both orcs and humans, and now druids of both races claim the Stormwalker title, crafting items with the same name. 
DC 25: An inescapable vortex of ven­geance seems to follow those who wear the whole raiment. No curse can be detected on the items, but putting on the whole raiment and becoming one of the Stormwalkers always seems a harbinger of trouble to come. Old enemies return and the wearer soon finds that once-fast friends become foes. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher reveals the location of another piece of the set. Use this to drive further adventure and direct the PCs toward some location or story you would like them to explore. 
COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Wearing multiple pieces of the raiment of the Stormwalker gives you the power to create clouds, call down electricity from the sky, and laugh off lightning strikes. 
When you wear the entire raiment of the Stormwalker, the robe of thunder flashes with lightning that crackles across the other parts of the raiment. 
All the collection benefits of the rai­ment function normally for and can be activated by a druid while in wild shape, even if the items have melded with her form and would otherwise be considered nonfunctional. 
2 Pieces: You can use obscuring mist (CL 5th) as a standard (mental) action three times per day. 
3 Pieces: You can use call lightning (CL 5th) as a standard (mental action) once per day. 
4 Pieces: You take only half damage from electricity. If such an attack allows a save for half damage, you instead take no damage on a successful save. 
RAIMENT OF THE STORMWALKER PIECES AND
Body  
Piece  Slot  Price (Level)  
Stormfire  ring  Ring  4,000 (8th)  
Bracers  of  lightning  Arms  11,000 (13th)  
Robe of  th under  Body  38,000 (17th)  
Cloudwalker  anklets  Feet  50,000 (18th)  

RAIMENT OF THE STORMWALKER COLLECTION BENEFITS Pieces Worn Benefit 
2 pieces 3/day obscuring mist 
3 pieces 1/day call lightning 
4 pieces Half or no damage from electricity 

 ABILITIES 
Ability 

5/dayfaerie fire deals 1d6 damage/round for 5 rounds 
Attacks deal +1d6 electricity damage 

Take half or no damage from sonic attacks; deal 2d6 sonic damage to attackers 
Continuous air walk 

BRACERS OF 
LIGHTNING 
Price (Item Level): 11,000 gp (13th) Body Slot: Arms Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation 
Activation: Swift (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Each of these wide, faintly glowing bracers is made of four thin, rectangular quartz crystals joined by narrow silver bands. 
A set of bracers of lightning allows you to charge your melee and ranged weapon attacks with electricity. When you acti­vate the bracers, they visibly crackle with electricity for 1 round. During this time, your melee and ranged attacks gain the shock property (DMG 225). Even your melee touch attacks deal this extra elec­tricity damage. 
A druid can activate this item while in wild shape. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, call lightning, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 5,500 gp, 440 XP, 
11 days. 
CLOUDWALKER ANKLETS 
Price (Item Level): 50,000 gp (18th) 
Body Slot: Feet 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) 
transmutation 

Activation: — 
Weight: — 

Designed to go around the wearer's ankles, 
each of these bands consists of two half-
circles of carved quartz joined by a 
silver hinge and clasp. 

Cloudwalker anklets allow you to move through the air as if affected by an air walk spell. 
A druid benefits from wearing this item even while in wild shape. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, air walk, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 25,000 gp, 2,000 XP, 50 days. 
ROBE OF THUNDER Price (Item Level): 38,000 gp (17th) Body Slot: Body Caster Level: 13th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) transmutation Activation: — or standard (mental) Weight: 1 lb. 
This silk robe roils with the colors of storm clouds, constantly shifting in shade and hue. 
While you wear a robe of thunder, you take only half damage from sonic attacks. If such an attack allows a save for half damage, you instead take no damage with a successful save. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When activated, a robe of thunder surrounds you in an invisible, faintly rumbling aura of thunder that lasts for 5 rounds (Listen DC 10 to hear the aura). This aura deals 2d6 points of sonic damage to any creature striking you with a natural attack or nonreach melee weapon. This ability functions three times per day. 
A druid benefits from wearing this item and can activate it even while in wild shape. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, control weather, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 19,000 gp, 1,520 XP, 38 days. 

STORMFIRE RING Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) Body Slot: Ring Caster Level: 12th Aura: Strong; (DC 21) evocation Activation: Standard (mental) Weight: — 
This ring of faceted clear crystal contains a faint blue-white glow. 
When you activate a stormfire ring, it creates a faerie fire effect of crackling lightning that lasts for 5 rounds. This effect functions as the spell, except that each creature affected takes 1d6 points of electricity damage each round for the duration. Using the ring on a creature that is already affected doesn't increase the damage dealt, but it does extend the 
effect's duration. A stormfire ring functions five times per day. A druid can activate this item even while in wild shape. Prerequisites: Forge Ring, faerie fire, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
Raiment of the Stormwalker 

plans and codes, but before the raiders DC 25: The Coalition of the Bulwark REGALIA OF could retreat, the creatures mounted a persists yet, always vigilant to the pos­fierce counterattack. Reynard fought sibility of another great orc invasion 
THE HERO 

The three pieces of the regalia of the hero are excellent tools for inspiring trust in others. The trappings aid their wearer by enabling him to aid others. Through mere desire, the wearer can inspire trust and greatness, and pull victory from seem­ingly insurmountable odds. 
The regalia of the hero is useful for a bard or a marshal (MH 11), or anyone who wants to motivate allies (or oneself) to greater heights of ability and increase his chance of success. 
LORE 
Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (arcana), or who have the bardic knowl­edge ability, can research the regalia of the hero to learn more about these items. When a character succeeds on a check, the following lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: The three items of this set belonged to a courageous soldier named Reynard. He sacrificed his life to allow his fellow soldiers to escape from an army of orcs. Many believe that his sacrifice empowered the regalia, allowing them to inspire future generations. 
DC 20: Bards fondly recall in song and prose the Coalition of the Bulwark, whose brave sacrifices enabled the defeat of a great orc invasion. One of the great heroes of the war was a young soldier named Reynard Ellison. 
Reynard served as an elite scout for the army, but his best talents lay elsewhere. His songs were electrifying, his words calmed fears, and his very presence in combat seemed to steady the hands of his allies on their weapons. 
During the war, Reynard conducted a raid into the heart of the orcs' offense. The raid successfully discovered the orc's 
REGALIA OF THE HERO PIECES AND ABILITIES 
Body  
Piece  Slot  Price (Level)  
Badge of  valor  Throat  1,200 gp (5th)  
Helm of  tactics  Head  2,000 gp (6th)  
Horn of  resilience  — (held)  5,000 gp (9th)  

in the rear guard as they retreated, his encouraging shouts and skill with his blade allowing his fellow soldiers to escape. Reynard, however, failed to return through the breach. While holding off the enemy, he was slain by the throng of orcs. 
The pilfered plans and codes allowed the Coalition of the Bulwark to finally thwart the invasion. In the aftermath, some of Reynard's items were recovered, including his helm, horn, and badge. The intensity of Coalition members' thank­fulness and remorse over Reynard's loss is said to have directly transfigured the items, creating the item set now called the regalia of the hero. 
into civilized lands. The Coalition seeks accomplished spies and adventurers to supplement their own patrols. They occa­sionally send such groups into orc-infested wilderness to monitor the orcs and gauge the probability of a new leader arising who could pull their disparate tribes together. Anyone applying at the Fortress of the Bulwark could be assigned such a mission, as well as given aid and assistance in the fulfillment of that mission. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher reveals the location of another piece of the set. Use this to drive further adven­ture and direct the PCs toward some location or story you would like them to explore. 
COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Wearing multiple parts of the regalia of the hero awakens your ability to inspire and command others. When you wear two items, your eyes sparkle with the clarity of conviction, and your posture straight­ens with confidence. When you sound a horn of resilience while wearing the other two pieces, all three items flash with gold light, like the promise of sunrise chasing away night's dreary doubts. 
2 Pieces: You can grant a single ally within 30 feet (other than yourself) a +5 insight bonus on a single attack, save, or skill check as an immediate (command) action. This ability functions once per 
day. 

3 Pieces: You use a standard (com­mand) action to grant a single ally within 30 feet (other than you) an extra move action, taken immediately. (If you have the marshal's grant move action class fea­ture, this benefit instead affects all allies within 30 feet of you.) This ability func­tions once per day. 
Badge of valor 
Ability 
3/day allies gain +2 on saves against charm/fear, or increase inspire courage bonus by 1 3/day allies deal +2 damage against flanked foes, or increase effect of minor aura by 1 2/day allies gain DR 5/—, or increase effect of major aura by 1, or grant 50 temporary hp 
REGALIA OF THE HERO COLLECTION BENEFITS Pieces Worn Benefit 
2 pieces 1/day grant nearby ally +5 on attack, save, or skill check 3 pieces 1/day grant nearby ally bonus move action 
Horn of

BADGE OF VALOR 
Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 5th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 17) abjuration 
Activation: Immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 
This badge is stamped with the image of an impenetrable fortress over which shines a golden sun. 
When you activate a badge of valor, you and all allies within 60 feet gain a +2 bonus on the next save you or they make against a charm or fear effect before the start of your next turn. 
If you have the bardic music ability to inspire courage, you can activate a badge of valor to increase the bonus granted by that ability by 1 for the duration of its effect. 
A badge of valor functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, remove fear, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 

HELM OF TACTICS Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 7th Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) transmutation Activation: Swift (mental) Weight: 1 lb. 
This metallic helm is forged of a gray, strangely swirled iron alloy. 
When you activate a helm of tactics, you and all allies within 60 feet gain a +2 bonus on melee weapon damage rolls against enemies that you or they are flanking. This benefit lasts for 10 rounds, but allies who move more than 60 feet from you lose the benefit until they return within the area. 
resilience 
If you are a marshal, you can activate a helm of tactics to increase the effect of your minor aura by 1. This effect lasts for 10 rounds. 
A helm of tactics functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, fox's cunning, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 
HORN OF RESILIENCE Price (Item Level): 5,000 gp (9th) Body Slot: — (held) Caster Level: 8th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) enchantment Activation: Standard (manipulated) Weight: — 
This bone horn is banded with a golden-hued iron alloy. The image of an idealized fortress is scribed deeply in the horn's side. 
When you activate a horn of resilience, you and all allies within 30 feet gain damage reduction 5/—. This benefit lasts for 5 rounds, but allies who move more than 30 feet from you lose the benefit until they return within the area. 
If you are a marshal, you can activate a horn of resilience to increase the effect of your major aura by 1. This effect lasts for 5 rounds. 
If you have the bardic music ability to inspire greatness, you can activate a horn of resilience to grant the target of that ability an extra 50 temporary hit points. These hit points last until depleted or the duration of your inspire greatness ability ends, and they don't stack with any other source of temporary hit points. 
A horn of resilience functions two times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, herol ism, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 2,500 gp, 200 XP, 5 days. 
REGALIA OF 
THE PHOENIX 
Worn by royalty and borne by conquerors, the regalia of the phoenix has no equal among the magic crafted by humans or elves. Indi­vidually, the pieces that make up the regalia are magic items of stunning beauty and reasonable power, but together they make you a commanding figure of flames, lend­ing you the regal authority of the regalia's namesake and allowing you to stave off death time and again. 
The regalia of the phoenix can be used to good effect by many characters, but sor­cerers and warlocks (CAr 5) find it most useful. Both kinds of characters rely on Charisma and can wield the talon scepter, a simple weapon. Remember that you can use the rules in Chapter 6 to increase the benefit the items grant, so the +2 to Charisma granted by a crown of flames could become +4 or higher. If you are a warlock or sorcerer who has a phoenix cloak, consider replacing any invocation or spell that grants you the ability to fly; you will benefit more from the item and the versatility of having access to a dif­ferent effect that you can bring to bear on your foes. 

LORE 
Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (arcana), or who have the bardic knowl­edge ability, can research the regalia of the phoenix to learn more about these items. When a character succeeds on a check, the following lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: The regalia of the phoenix sears its story into the mind of every ambi­tious noble who hears it. It made its first fiery appearance in the possession of the Phoenix Queen, a sorcerer of tremendous power who took the throne of a long-forgotten kingdom by force. Because the Phoenix Queen possessed all the elements of the regalia, she could not be defeated, and anyone who rose against her was burnt to a cinder. After years of her vicious rule, a lover tricked her into removing her mask, pleading with her to see her face. When she pulled the mask away, revealing a face of cold beauty untouched by remorse or sorrow, assas­sins rose from the shadows, and she fell beneath their many blades. 
DC 20: After the assassins killed the Phoenix Queen, they quarreled over the regalia. Only four survived, each taking a single piece. Fearing attempts by the others to steal their pieces, they fled the kingdom, spreading knowledge of the regalia of the phoenix to foreign lands. 

DC 25: The forgotten kingdom of legend was an elf empire, and some say-that the Phoenix Queen's lover also sur­vived the assassin's quarrel. According to some, the lover was true to his pitiless mistress, and the assassins tricked him into asking the queen to remove her mask. Rumors persist that this elf lives still, clutching to life despite his extreme age and the call of his ancestors, hanging on with the inhuman strength that only a thirst for vengeance can give. It's said he seeks any who would dare profit from the assassins' foul deed by using any piece of the regalia or its copies. When he finds them, he snuffs out their lives as calmly as one might blow out a candle. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher reveals the location of another piece of the set. Use this to drive further adventure and direct the PCs toward some location or story you would like them to explore. 
COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Wearing parts of the regalia of the phoel nix grants its owner protection from fire and even the immunity to flames that the legendary phoenixes enjoy. When a crea­ture wears all the pieces of the regalia of the phoenix and wields the talon scepter, all the items appear to transform into pure fire, and the phoenix cloak takes on the shape of fiery wings. Should the user of the whole regalia fall in battle, her body seems to be consumed by that fire and then remade, whole and hale again, in a burst of ruby-colored light. 
2 Pieces: When you are dealt fire damage, the set automatically provides you with resistance to fire 5 against that attack only. This ability functions five times per day. 
3 Pieces: When you are dealt fire damage, the set automatically provides you with immunity to fire against that attack only. This ability functions five 
REGALIA OF THE PHOENIX PIECES ANDBody 
Regalia of

times per day. Only after all five uses of this power are expended does the set's resistance to fire collection benefit (see above) function. 
4 Pieces: The regalia automatically produces a heal effect (CL 11th) on you if you are reduced to 0 to -9 hit points. This ability functions once per day. 
CROWN OF FLAMES 
Price (Item Level): 8,500 gp (12th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 8th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) transmutation 
Activation: — or immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 
 ABILITIES 
the phoenix 

The tines of this gem-encrusted crown are twisted and sharp, like a ring of flames frozen in gold 
A crown of flames continuously grants you a +2 enhancement bonus to Charisma. In addition, once per day, it can be activated to surround you in a sheath of red flames that functions like a fire shield spell (warm only) lasting for 5 rounds. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, eagle's splendor, fire shield, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 4,250 gp, 340 XP, 9 days. 
Piece Slot Price (Level) Ability 
Raptor's mask Face 3,500 gp (8th) +5 on Spot checks; immunity to blindness and dazzling effects Crown of flames Head 8,500 gp (12th) +2 Charisma; 1/day fire shield Talon scepter — (held) 10,305 gp (13th) +1flaming light mace; swift ray of fire deals 1d6 damage Phoenix cloak Shoulders 50,000 gp (18th) Fly with perfect maneuverability at your land speed 
REGALIA OF THE PHOENIX COLLECTION BENEFITS Pieces Worn Benefit 
2 pieces 5/day resistance to fire 5 
3 pieces 5/day immunity to fire 
4 pieces 1/day heal automatically when you reach 0 to -9 hp 

Crown of flames 
PHOENIX CLOAK 
Price (Item Level): 50,000 gp (18th) 
Body Slot: Shoulders 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

Phoenix cloak 

This cloak is made of incredibly fine gold chain. Its exterior is covered in paper-thin feathers of solid gold and strewn with tiny rubies. Despite its material, it feels almost as light as cloth and flows on the wind like silk. 
A phoenix cloak grants you a fly speed equal to your land speed, with perfect 
maneuverability. 
Prerequisites: 
Craft Wondrous Item, fly, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 
25,000 gp, 2,000 XP, 50 days. 

RAPTOR'S MASK Price (Item Level): 3,500 gp (8th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination Activation: — Weight: — 
This golden half-mask has a large, sharp beak like that of an eagle and feathery flanges of gold that sweep away from the eyes. Each eyehole is covered by a large ruby that gleams with an inner light. 
A raptor's mask grants you a +5 bonus on Spot checks and renders you immune to effects that would leave you blinded or dazzled. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, clairaudience/clairvoyance, glitterdust, pos­session of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 1,750 gp, 140 XP, 4 days. 

TALON SCEPTER 
Price (Item Level): 10,305 gp (13th) 
Body Slot: — (held) 
Caster Level: 10th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) evocation 
Activation: — or swift (mental) 
Weight: 4 lb. 

Raptor's mask 
The head of this golden scepter is wrought in the shape of an eagle's claw. The talons seem to be made of rubies, and aflame motif adorns the entire length of the item. 
A talon scepter functions as a +1 flaming light mace. In addition, you can activate the scepter to create a ruby-colored ray that extends up to 30 feet. This requires a ranged touch attack and deals 1d6 points of fire damage. 
Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, flame blade, flame strike, or fireball, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 5,000 gp (plus 305 gp for masterwork light mace), 400 XP, 10 days. 
SEVEN VEILS 
Bright and diaphanous, the seven veils are magic made physical. Split from light by a god and sown onto the world like seeds, the veils represent the promise of power for wizards and other spellcasters. 
Wizards get the most benefit from the seven veils. Although any arcane spell­caster might benefit from some or all of the veils—and would appreciate the versatility granted by wearing the entire set together—a wizard typically has the 
greater variety of spells necessary to put the veils to best use. 
Each of the seven veils corresponds to one of the colors that signify the vari­ous effects of a prismatic spell, such as prismatic eye (SC 161), prismatic mist (PH2 121), prismatic ray (SC 162), prismatic spray, and prismatic wall. 

LORE 
Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (arcana), or who have the bardic knowl­edge ability, can research the seven veils to learn more about these items. When a character succeeds on a check, the fol­lowing lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: It's said the first seven veils were drawn from a rainbow by Boccob himself. The Lord of All Magics then let the veils fall to the earth, each fluttering down to a particular wizard. The seven veils correspond to the seven colors of the rainbow and the seven colors created by spells such as prismatic wall. Each veil grants an ability modeled after the effect of a color of a prismatic spell. Each veil also guards its wearer from that color's effect if she is the subject of a prismatic spell. 
DC 20: Three of the wizards who received one of the seven veils decided to craft their own sets, but four of them chose instead to try to claim the six veils Boccob gave the others. A series of battles ensued, and in the end two wizards pos­sessed complete sets while the rest lay dead. The extra pieces that had been cre­ated were left unclaimed, and so they fell into the hands of others. 
DC 25: The two wizards who managed 
to claim full sets both became liches. This 
turn of events is considered a coincidence 
by most, but some wonder if wearing all 

SEVEN VEILS PIECES AND ABILITIES Body Piece Slot Price (Level) 
seven veils might somehow induce this state. Those who concern themselves with such things wonder if Boccob truly cre­ated them, or if perhaps Wee Jas crafted them for some purpose of her own. Both deities remain silent on the matter, and no one else is known to have worn a full set. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher reveals the location of another piece of the set. Use this to drive further adven­ture and direct the PCs toward some location or story you would like them to explore. 
COLLECTION BENEFITS 
The veils are potent items that improve your magical versatility, giving you the resources to overcome any obstacle. Wear­ing multiple veils improves your magical skill and focus, grants you resistance to some types of energy damage, and even­tually allows you to treat the veils as a potent runestaff. 
3 Pieces: You gain a +2 competence bonus on Concentration, Knowledge (arcana), and Spellcraft checks. 
5 Pieces: You gain resistance 5 to acid, electricity, and fire. 
7 Pieces: You can use the seven veils like a runestaff (see page 223) to cast cone of cold, daylight, disintegrate, dispel magic, gust of wind, magic missile, and passwall each once per day by spending your own arcane spell slots of equal or higher level. 
Ability 
Burning 
veil 


BURNING VEIL Price (Item Level): 1,000 gp (4th) Body Slot: Head Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) evocation Activation: — and swift (mental) Weight: — 
This silky red veil is laced with garnets. It is meant to be pinned to the hair above the ears or tied about the head like a bandana. 
Burning  veil  Head  1,000 gp (4th)  Immunity to red prismatic effect; 3/day deal 1d6 fire damage to foe already  
damaged by your fire spell  
Caustic  veil  Waist  2,000 gp (6th)  Immunity to orange prismatic effect; 3/day deal 2d6 acid damage to foe  
already damaged by your acid spell  
Veil of  storms  Torso  4,000 gp (8th)  Immunity to yellow prismatic effect; 3/day deal 4d6 electricity damage to foe  
already damaged by your electricity spell  
Veil of  whispers  Face  7,000 gp (11th)  Immunity to indigo prismatic effect; 3/day confuse  creature already affected  
by your enchantment spell  
Veil of  doors  Shoulders  11,000 gp (13th)  Immunity to violet prismatic effect; 2/day dismiss creature damaged by your  
summoned creature  
Serpent  veil  Neck  16,000 gp (14th)  Immunity to green prismatic effect; 3/day poison target of your melee touch  
spell  
Turquoise  veil  Eyes  22,000 gp (15th)  Immunity to blue prismatic effect; 1/day petrify creature already affected by  
your transmutation spell  
SEVEN VEILS COLLECTION  BENEFITS  

Pieces Worn 
3 pieces 5 pieces 7 pieces 
Benefit 

+2 Concentration, Knowledge (arcana), Spellcraft 
Resistance to acid 5, electricity 5, and fire 5 Spontaneously cast cone of cold, daylight, disintegrate, dispel magic, gust of wind, magic missile, and passwall each 1/day 
Wearing a burning veil gives you immunity to the red effect of any prismatic spell. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When you activate a burning veil, it deals 1d6 points of fire damage to a single crea­ture that has already taken fire damage from an arcane spell you cast in this round. This ability functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, burning hands, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 500 gp, 40 XP, 1 day. 

CAUSTIC VEIL Price (Item Level): 2,000 gp (6th) Body Slot: Waist Caster Level: 3rd Aura: Faint; (DC 16) conjuration Activation: — and swift (mental) Weight: — 
This orange silk veil can be worn as a sash, a belt, or a short skirt knotted at one hip. 
Wearing a caustic veil gives you immunity to the orange effect of any prismatic spell. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When you activate a caustic veil, it deals 2d6 points of acid damage to a single 
Serpent veil 

creature that has already taken acid damage from an arcane spell you cast in this round. This functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, Melf's acid arrow, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 1,000 gp, 80 XP, 2 days. 

SERPENT VEIL Price (Item Level): 16,000 gp (14th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) necromancy Activation: — and swift (mental) Weight: — 
Green reticulation covers this veil, and emerald serpent heads weight the corners. 
Wearing a serpent veil gives you immunity to the green effect of any prismatic spell. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When you activate a serpent veil, it poi­sons a single creature affected by an arcane melee touch spell you cast previously in this round. The initial and secondary damage of the poison is 5d10 points of damage (Fort DC 20 negates). This ability functions three times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, circle of death, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 8,000 gp, 640 XP, 16 days. 
TURQUOISE VEIL Price (Item Level): 22,000 gp (15th) Body Slot: Face Caster Level: 11th Aura: Moderate; (DC 20) transmutation Activation: — and swift (mental) Weight: — 
Waves of aquamarine and turquoise ripple in the gauzy fabric of this finely crafted veil meant to be worn over the eyes. 
Wearing a turquoise veil gives you immu­nity to the blue effect of any prismatic spell. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When you activate a turquoise veil, it 
turns to stone (as the flesh to stone spell) a single creature within 30 feet that failed a save against an arcane transmutation spell you cast in this round (Fort DC 20 negates). This ability functions once per day. 
A turquoise veil can be worn concur­rently with a veil of whispers, but not with any other item for the face slot. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, flesh to stone, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 11,000 gp, 880 XP, 22 days. 

VEIL OF DOORS Price (Item Level): 11,000 gp (13th) Body Slot: Shoulders Caster Level: 9th Aura: Moderate; (DC 19) abjuration Activation: — and swift (mental) Weight: — 
Caustic veil 
Turquoise veil 

Dark purple like a day-old bruise, this 
veil is far heavier than any gauze of silk 
should be. 
Wearing a veil of doors gives you immu­nity to the violet effect of any prismatic spell. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
When you activate a veil of doors, it magically dismisses (as the dismissal spell; Will DC 27 minus creature's HD negates) a single extraplanar creature within 30 feet of you that was damaged in this round by a creature you summoned or called with an arcane conjuration spell. This ability functions two times per day. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, dis missal, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 5,500 gp, 440 XP, 11 days 
Veil of doors 
VEIL OF STORMS Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) Body Slot: Torso Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) evocation Activation: — and swift (mental) Weight: — 
This tapestrylike veil is the color of a 
pastoral sunrise. 

Wearing a veil of storms gives you immunity to the yellow effect of any prismatic spell. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
Veil of storms 
When you activate a veil of storms, it darkens in color to that of an angry storm with leaden clouds marked by white-gold lightning. It deals 4d6 points of electric­ity damage to a single creature that has already taken electricity damage from an 
arcane spell you cast in this round. This effect functions three times per day. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, lightning bolt, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 
Veil of whispers 
VEIL OF WHISPERS 
Price (Item Level): 7,000 gp (11th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) enchantment 
Activation: — and swift (mental) 
Weight: — 

This thin mesh veil is scarcely more than a cloud of indigo mist. 
Wearing a veil of whispers gives you immu­
nity to the indigo effect of any prismatic 
spell. This is a continuous effect and 
requires no activation. 
When you activate a veil of whispers, it renders confused a single creature within 30 feet that failed its save against an arcane enchantment spell you cast in this round (Will DC 20 negates). This effect lasts for 2 rounds and functions three times per day. 
A veil of whispers can be worn concur­rently with a turquoise veil, but not with any other item for the face slot. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, conl fusion, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 3,500 gp, 280 XP, 7 days. 
VESTMENTS OF 

DIVINITY 

The vestments of divinity are a set of hal­lowed items that allow you to deny sin, wage war against evil, and put an end to malevolence wherever it is found. 
The vestments of divinity are most useful if you are a good-aligned cleric or a paladin, since they enhance your divine abilities to combat evil and destroy undead. However, any character can appreciate the benefits of at least 
some of the items in this set. 
LORE 
Characters who have ranks in 
Knowledge (arcana) or Knowl­
edge (religion), or who have 
the bardic knowledge ability, 
can research the vestments of 
divinity to learn more about 
these items. When a char­
acter succeeds on a check, 
the following lore is revealed, 
including the information 
from lower DCs. 
DC 15: The vestments of divinl ity were revealed to a holy man named Reesh N'Faeren in a vision. He spent years tracking down each sacred relic until he gathered them all. 
DC 20: When Reesh N'Faeren was a child, his village was terrorized by flail-wielding cultists calling themselves the Heralds of Hell. The cult was eventually driven off, but not before Reesh's family was taken from him. Reesh was spared, but he grew into an adult with an unflinching hatred of all those unaligned with his own sense of righteousness. His purity of pur­pose was given expression in the temple where he began training as a cleric. One night, while still an acolyte, Reesh received a vision, imparting to him vague knowl­edge concerning the location of five sacred relics. He was given to understand that if he gathered all the items together, he could use them to destroy the Heralds of Hell. 
Reesh spent years adventuring, fol­

lowing treasure maps, tracking leads, 
and following up clues, until he finally 
located all the items his vision had shown 
him years before. With these vestments, 
Reesh set out to fulfill the penultimate 
quest of his life. Whether he succeeded 
or ultimately failed, history does not 
record. 
DC 25: A group of destruction wor­

shipers called the Heralds of Hell has 
cells in several large cities. The Heralds 
utilize both devils and undead in their 
destructive rites. Some time back, sev­
eral of their cells were eradicated by a 
holy vigilante. It's unclear whether this 
vigilante was Reesh N'Faeren himself, 
or someone to whom Reesh passed along 
his vestments. Ultimately, a few cells 
escaped destruction, and the vigilante 
disappeared. It is whispered that he was 
killed in a conflict with the cult, and that 
the cells of the Heralds that remained 
each took one of the vestments, hoping 
to ensure that no one could gather them 
all together again. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher 

reveals the location of another piece of the 
set. Use this to drive further adventure 
and direct the PCs toward some location or 
story you would like them to explore. 
VESTMENTS OF DIVINITY PIECES ANDBody 
Vestments of divinity 

COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Wearing the vestments of divinity grants you powers that bolster your ability to battle evil creatures, from a stronger resolve against their attacks to a stronger resis­tance against their machinations. With each new item added, you gain additional divine confidence. When all five pieces are worn together, your body takes on a silvery sheen, and your eyes become the color of glowing aquamarine. 
2 Pieces: You gain a +1 sacred bonus on saves against effects created by evil creatures. 
5 Pieces: Your melee attacks deal an extra 1d6 points of damage to evil creatures. 
 ABILITIES 
BADGE OF GLORY Price (Item Level): 3,400 gp (8th) Body Slot: Throat Caster Level: 5th Aura: Faint; (DC 17) transmutation Activation: Swift (command) Weight: 1 lb. 
This ornate platinum badge is set with two large cabochon aquamarines. 
When you activate a badge of glory, the next melee attack you make on the same turn against an evil creature deals an extra 1 point of damage per two charac­ter levels. A badge of glory functions two times per day. 

Piece  Slot  Price (Level)  Ability  
Ephod of  authority  Torso  800 gp (3rd)  Turn undead as if 1 level higher  
Lenses of  revelation  Face  1,400 gp (5th)  Reveal foe as undead or evil outsider  
Cord of favor  Waist  3,000 gp (7th)  +5 on Sense Motive; 3/day divine  favor  
Badge of glory  Throat  3,400 gp (8th)  2/day deal +1 damage/2 levels to evil creature  
Phylactery  of  virtue  Head  6,500 gp (10th)  +2 on saves against energy drain, death effects, and negative energy  
effects; 2/day death ward  

VESTMENTS OF DIVINITY COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Pieces Worn  Benefit  
2 pieces  +1 on saves against evil creatures  
5 pieces  +1d6 melee damage to evil creatures  

If you have the smite evil class feature, the extra damage granted by a badge of glory is instead equal to that granted by your smite evil ability (or 1 point per two levels, whichever is greater). 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, ability to smite evil, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 1,700 gp, 136 XP, 4 days. 
CORD OF FAVOR 
Price (Item Level): 3,000 gp (7th) 
Body Slot: Waist 
Caster Level: 6th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) evocation 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This silver cord is worn about the body as a belt. 
A cord of favor grants you a +5 competence bonus on Sense Motive checks. This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, three times per day you can activate the cord and sacrifice a prepared divine spell or divine spell slot of 1st level or higher to use divine favor (as the spell), using your own caster level or that of the cord, whichever is higher. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, divine favor, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 1,500 gp, 120 XP, 3 days. 
EPHOD OF AUTHORITY 
Price (Item Level): 800 gp (3rd) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) necromancy 
Activation: — 
Weight: 2 lb. 

This silver vestment is set with a circle of nine semiprecious gemstones surrounding a raised, silver hemisphere. 
While wearing an ephod of authority, your effective cleric level is treated as one higher than your actual level for the purpose of turning (but not rebuking or commanding) undead. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, turn undead, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 400 gp, 32 XP, 1 day. 
LENSES OF 
REVELATION 
Price (Item Level): 1,400 gp (5th) 
Body Slot: Face 
Caster Level: 5th 
Aura: Faint; (DC 17) divination 
Activation: Standard (mental) 
Weight: — 

These two small, concave glass discs have a translucent silver sheen to them. 
You can activate lenses of revelation to per­ceive the true nature of any creature in sight. Activating the lenses creates a faint aura for 1 round around the target creature (visible only to you) of a particular color based on its nature: 
Evil Outsider: Red. 
Undead: Bone-white. 
Any Other: Green. 
Any effect that would defeat a detect evil 

spell or effect also masks a creature from 
lenses of revelation. Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, augury, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 700 gp, 56 XP, 2 days. 
PHYLACTERY OF VIRTUE 
Price (Item Level): 6,500 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Head 
Caster Level: 7th 
Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) necromancy 
Activation: — and standard (command) 
Weight: — 

This small black leather box attaches to two leather straps worn around the brow. Inside the box is a parchment of sacred prayers. 
A phylactery of virtue allows you to better resist the life-draining powers wielded by minions of undeath. You gain a +2 morale bonus on saves against energy drain, death effects, and negative energy effects (such as inflict spells or chill touch). This is a continuous effect and requires no activation. 
In addition, two times per day you can activate the phylactery and sacrifice a prepared divine spell or divine spell slot of 4th level or higher to use death ward (as the spell), using your own caster level or that of the phylactery, whichever is higher. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, death ward, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 3,250 gp, 260 XP, 7 days. 
WRAITH'S WOE. 

The items that make up the wraith's woe live up to the name, making you a deadly enemy both to spirits and the walking dead. However, although they were con­structed to battle undead, the items in the set are useful in encounters with a variety of creatures, both living and unliving. 
Wizards, sorcerers, and other spell­casters who have poor Fortitude saves likely benefit from this set the most, since they are in more danger from the necromantic powers typically possessed by undead. Also, level drain reduces a spellcaster's effectiveness dramatically, whereas a fighter or other character focused on physical attacks can likely still get by even with the penalties of negative levels. Finally, gauntlets of ghost fighting offer a rare opportunity for spellcasters to affect incorporeal foes normally. A set of the wraith's woe makes a good invest­ment for any character preparing to face undead. The relatively low prices of the items make purchasing particular pieces an option even for a low-level party. You might consider having a few characters purchase the different pieces of wraith's woe and then having the PC who suffers the most from the attacks of undead put on all the items to restore ability damage and drain. 
LORE 

Characters who have ranks in Knowledge (arcana) or Knowledge (religion), or who have the bardic knowledge ability, can research the wraith's woe to learn more about these items. When a character suc­ceeds on a check, the following lore is revealed, including the information from lower DCs. 
DC 15: The first example of this set was created over a century ago by a human mystic theurge who devoted herself to hunting undead after her family was slain by wraiths. This mystic theurge founded a holy order devoted to battling undead and created sets of the wraith's woe for those who joined her quest. Members of this order had to earn items from these sets by slaying a sufficient number of undead while also adhering to the order's ideals of bravery, self-sacrifice, and compassion for innocent mortals. 
DC 20: The order, known as the Blades Against Death, still exists. Composed mainly of paladins and clerics, the order sponsors adventurers of every stripe in quests against undead. Adventurers who perform well are often offered member­ship in the organization and granted 
WRAITH'S WOE  PIECES AND  ABILITIES  
Body  
Piece  Slot  Price (Level)  Ability  
Choker of life protection  Throat  14,000 (14th)  +2 AC against undead; protection from 3 negative levels/day  
Gauntlets  of ghost  fighting  Hands  4,000 (8th)  Ignore incorporeal miss chance; +1d6 melee damage against  

incorporeal creatures Shirt of wraith stalking Torso 6,000 (10th) Hide from undead 
WRAITH'S WOE COLLECTION BENEFITS Pieces Worn Benefit 
2 pieces Detect undead 3 pieces 1/day cure all your ability damage plus drain on one ability 
pieces of the wraith's woe, much as the order's founder rewarded the original members. Being a member has other benefits, since Blades Against Death has decades of experience confronting undead, and its members have learned much during that time that can aid those who share their cause. 
DC 25: High-ranking members of the Blades Against Death have been heard to speak of the order's founder as though she still lives and speaks to them. If it's true, she must be undead herself, for no human could live so long. Those who openly suggest this possibility are labeled blasphemers by the Blades Against Death and exiled from the order. Such individu­als are then never seen again, leading some to think that the Blades Against Death is capturing or killing these ex-members. Of course, to suggest such or question the order about how it handles blas­phemers causes a member to be labeled a blasphemer, a fate all members take great pains to avoid. 
DC 30: A check result of 30 or higher reveals the location of another piece of the set. Use this to drive further adventure and direct the PCs toward some location or story you would like them to explore. 
COLLECTION BENEFITS 
Wearing two pieces of the wraith's woe grants you the ability to know where undead hide and to pierce their disguises. Wearing the whole set also allows you to undo the effects of encounters with undead that damage or drain ability scores. 
A character wearing all of the wraith's woe takes on a haunted and pale appear­ance. "You look like you've seen a ghost" is commonly heard by those who regularly dress in all three pieces. 
2 Pieces: You can activate detect undead 

(CL 3rd) as a standard (mental) action at 
will. 
3 Pieces: You can activate wraith's woe as a standard (mental) action to cure all abil­ity damage you have, as well as restore all points drained from a single ability score of your choice. This ability can be used once per day. 
CHOKER OF LIFE PROTECTION 
Price (Item Level): 14,000 gp (14th) 
Body Slot: Throat 
Caster Level: 7th 

Aura: Moderate; (DC 18) conjuration 
Activation: — or immediate (mental) 
Weight: — 
This slim black leather collar is set with three golden stones the size of small grapes. 
As long as a collar of life protection can still protect you as described below, you gain a +2 dodge bonus to Armor Class against the attacks of undead. 
A choker of life protection also protects you from energy drain attacks. When you would normally gain up to three nega­tive levels, you can activate the choker to negate the negative levels. A choker can negate three negative levels per day, so it can be used three times to negate one negative level with each activation, once to negate three negative levels all at once, and so on. 
Each negative level prevented renders one of the collar's three stones gray and dull. Every day at dawn, all three stones automatically dissipate the collected negative energy and once again become golden. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, restol ration, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 7,000 gp, 560 XP, 14 days. 
GAUNTLETS OF 
GHOST FIGHTING 
Price (Item Level): 4,000 gp (8th) 
Body Slot: Hands 
Caster Level: 13th 
Aura: Strong; (DC 21) conjuration 
Activation: — 
Weight: 1 lb. 

This pair of heavy, black leather gloves bears suns and skulls of gold on the knuckles and around each wrist. 
The wearer of gauntlets of ghost fighting deals damage normally to incorporeal creatures with spells or attacks, ignoring an incorporeal creature's 50% miss chance. In addition, melee attacks made by the wearer deal an extra 1d6 points of damage against incorporeal foes. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, plane shift, possession of a piece of the set. Cost to Create: 2,000 gp, 160 XP, 4 days. 

SHIRT OF WRAITH STALKING 
Price (Item Level): 6,000 gp (10th) 
Body Slot: Torso 
Caster Level: 3rd 
Aura: Faint; (DC 16) abjuration 
Activation: Standard (mental) 
Weight: 1 lb. 
This shiny black leather shirt bears small golden sun and skull emblems around its collar, shoulders, and cuffs. 
When you activate a shirt of wraith stalking, you gain the benefit of a hide from undead spell at will, except that undead are not allowed a saving throw regardless of their Intelligence. 
Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, hide from undead, possession of a piece of the set. 
Cost to Create: 3,000 gp, 240 XP, 6 days. 

Magic items don't function by themselves—they typi­
cally require some effort or action on the part of their 
owner. Generally, using a magic item has four sepa­
rate steps: identifying the item, wearing the item, 
activating the item, and resolving the item's effect. Each of these steps is discussed in detail below. 
Of course, to use a magic item, you have to get your hands on it. Later sections of this chapter discuss how to place magic items in the campaign, how to buy and sell them, and how to create and improve them. 
IDENTIFYING ITEMS 
When PCs find magic items as treasure, they need to determine what the items do. The following methods are available to iden­tify magic items. 
Skill Checks: Certain skills allow a character to accurately identify an item. 
Knowledge (arcana): A character can attempt a DC 30 Knowledge (arcana) check to determine if she remembers reading of an item at one point during her studies. A successful result might give a hint to the item's function or reveal every detail about it. This method is most appropriate for legendary items or items that have a traditional shape associated with their function. 
Search: You might allow close study of an item to provide some information. A command word could be etched in tiny letters on the inside of a ring, or a feathered design might hint that an item allows its wearer to fly. In such a case, a successful DC 15 Search check should reveal the clue. 
Spellcraft: A character using the detect magic spell can attempt a Spellcraft check to determine the school of magic associated with the item's powers. If the character exceeds the DC for this check by 10 or more, the character magically divines the item's functions, its means of activation, and the number of charges remaining. 
A character can also use Spellcraft to identify potions. The DC is 25, the check takes 1 minute, and she cannot retry if she fails. 
Use Magic Device: If a character succeeds on a Use Magic Device check to activate a magic item and exceeds the DC by 5 or more, the character magically divines the item's func­tions, its means of activation, and the number of charges remaining. 
Bardic, Knowledge: While not quite as useful as the skills discussed above, a successful bardic knowledge check might reveal the backgrounds, functions, and means of activating legendary or otherwise well-known items, if the item is standard equipment for a well-known faction or person, the DC is 20. If the item is uncommon or ancient, but many items like it are in circulation, the DC is 25. If the item is known only in legend, the DC is 30 or higher. A successful result should reveal something of the item's history and give at least a hint about the item's function. 
Spells: Spells are the most reliable way to identify items. 
Detect Magic: Obviously, the easiest way for characters to discern whether an object is magic is to use detect magic. 
When focused on an item, a character can attempt a Spellcraft check to determine the school (or schools) of the highest-level spell (or spells) involved in the item's creation, as well as the strength of the item's aura (based on its caster level). Also, a char­acter making such a check can divine the function of an item by succeeding by 10 or more. 
When a character uses detect magic on a magic item, the infor­mation you provide often serves as a clue to a smart player for identifying the item. See the detect magic spell description, PH 219, for details. 
Identify: The identify spell determines the functions, means of activation, and number of charges remaining for any item of less than artifact power. It takes an hour to cast and has an expensive material component, but it's also the surest way to identify most magic items. See the identify spell description, PH 243, for details. 
Analyze Dweomer: This spell functions like identify, but the casting time is shorter, there's a focus rather than an expensive material component, and the caster can determine the properties of several items with one casting of the spell. This spell is the swiftest and surest way to identify many magic items. See the analyze dweomer spell description, PH 197, for details. 
Hired Help: The PCs might want to consult bards, sages, or high-level spellcasters to identify items through the means out­lined above. Such NPCs might also know some details or rumors about an item's history. They always want something in return for this information. The prices for spellcasting services are noted on page 129 of the Player's Handbook and described in more detail on page 130. If an NPC can identify the item without using spells, the character might ask for an amount of gp equivalent to the typical spell cost. Of course, an NPC might instead demand some service or trade instead of money. 
DM Explanation: It might be simpler to tell the players what an item is. This approach is particularly useful when the item pro­vides a bonus you must track on actions the PC is already taking. If you have a PC using an unidentified +2 short sword, for example, use this option when it becomes a burden for you to keep mentally adding +2 to all the character's attack rolls and damage rolls with that unidentified (to him) item. 
Trial and Error: The last refuge of desperate characters with an unidentified magic item, this process is often comical, but it can become an annoying waste of time. The trial-and-error pro­cess usually entails a PC attempting to use the item. A character hoping that the cloak he's just found is actually wings of flying might say, "I put the cloak on and jump up and down, flapping my arms." Previous D&D supplements, including the Dungeon Masters Guide, have advised rewarding clever characters who pursue this line of inquiry. As long as you and the players find trial and error to be a fun method of learning about magic items, that's still fine advice. If, however, your players turn it into a tedious checklist of tests ("Now I try to breathe underwater. Now I try to walk up the wall. Now I think about turning invisible. No luck? Maybe it only works for dwarves; Tordek, now you try it."), it's time to step in and move the game along. It's perfectly reasonable to rule that until a character has determined a magic item's powers, com­mand word, or other secrets in one of the manners noted above, no amount of crazy experimentation will help. 
MAGIC ITEMS AND DETECT MAGIC 
When detect magic identifies an item's school of magic, this information refers to the school of the spell placed within the potion, scroll, or wand, or the prerequisite for the item's creation. The description of each item provides its aura strength and the school it belongs to. 
For items you create, if more than one spell is given as a prereq­uisite, the highest-level spell used in the item's creation determines the strength of the item's aura. If no spells are included in the prerequisites, use the following default guidelines. 
Item Nature  School  
Armor and protective items  Abjuration  
Weapons or offensive  items  Evocation  
Bonus to ability score, on skill check,  Transmutation  
and so on  

BODY SLOTS 

Each item's description has a Body Slot entry that describes what part of the body it must be worn on to function. A normal humanoid creature has twelve body slots, enumerated here with some examples of the kinds of items that might be worn there (for nonhumanoid creatures, see Size and Shape, below). 
Arms: armbands, bracelets, bracers. Body: armor, robes. Face: goggles, lenses, masks, spectacles, third eyes. Feet: boots, sandals, shoes, slippers. Hands: gauntlets, gloves. Head: circlets, crowns, hats, headbands, helmets, phylacteries. 
Rings (2 slots): rings. 

Shoulders: capes, cloaks, mantles, shawls. 
Throat: amulets, badges, brooches, collars, medals, medallions, necklaces, pendants, periapts, scarabs, scarfs, torcs. Torso: shirts, tunics, vests, vestments. Waist: belts, girdles, sashes. Each body slot can accommodate only a single active magic 
item (except for the rings body slot, which allows two active rings, worn one on each hand or both on the same hand). Additional magic items could be worn in the same body slot, but only the first-worn item confers its magical abilities upon the wearer. 
Some body slots are described as a matched pair of body parts (such as arms, feet, or hands). If an item uses one of these body slots, it takes up both "halves" of the body slot even if worn on only one of the pair. For example, a glove of storing takes up the entire hands body slot, even though it's only one glove. Similarly, items that come in pairs must be worn together in order to func­tion—wearing a single gauntlet of ogre power has no effect. 
The Magic Item Record Sheet on page 286 indicates all the valid body slots on a character. Feel free to photocopy this page for your personal use; it can provide a useful visual aid to remember what your character is wearing and where. 
Some items—particularly those that have a limited number of uses per day—indicate that they must be worn for a certain length of time before they can be used. This attunement period prevents characters from treating them as disposable tools to be donned and stowed repeatedly throughout the day. 
NONWORN MAGIC ITEMS 
Some magic items aren't worn on the body, but are instead carried or held by the owner to gain their benefit. Such items have one of the following entries on the Body Slot line. 
—: The item functions or can be activated as long as it is carried somewhere on your body (but not if it's stored in an extradimen­sional or nondimensional storage space, such as a bag of holding). Some rare items in this category might describe a particular manner in which you must carry them for the item to function (such as ioun stones). 
—
 (held): You must hold the item or otherwise manipulate the item with your hand for it to function or be activated. All weapons and shields have this entry, as do many tools. In the case of a shield, simply carrying it isn't enough—you must wear it properly as described on page 125 of the Player's Handbook. 

—
 ([armor, shield, or weapon] crystal): Augment crystals are magic items that function only when attached to a suit of armor, shield, weapon, or other appropriate item. Like properties, you can only gain an augment crystal's benefit while you're wearing or holding the item in the appropriate manner. See Augment Crystals, page 221, for details. 


ITEM PROPERTIES 
Properties are part of another item (a weapon, shield, or suit of 
armor), and they function or can be activated as long as the item 
is worn or held properly. A shield property offers no benefit if 
the shield is slung over your shoulder, and a weapon (typically) 
doesn't offer any benefit if it's sheathed. 
Instead of a body slot entry, a property has a property entry, 
which describes the types of items to which this property can be 
applied. 
Unlike most other items, properties have no weight. 
SIZE AND SHAPE 
Most of the time when a magic item is discovered, a character's 
size or shape shouldn't be an issue. As a rule, size should not keep 
overweight characters, characters of various genders, or charac­
ters of various races from using magic items. Players shouldn't 
be penalized for choosing a halfling character or deciding that 
their character is especially tall, so as a rule any magic item auto­
matically adjusts to fit its wearer. 
A few exceptions to this rule are given below. 
Armor: As long as you're the same size category and the 
same general shape as the armor's original owner, the armor 
functions normally for you. Halflings can wear armor made 
for goblins, and centaurs can wear armor made for wemics. 
However, inappropriately sized or shaped armor can't be worn. 
Armor doesn't resize to fit a wearer of a different size category, 
nor does armor constructed for a humanoid-shaped creature 
fit a nonhumanoid-shaped creature. In cases where a nonhu­
manoid-shaped creature tries to wear armor created for another 
nonhumanoid, you must use your best judgment. A blink dog 
could certainly fit into barding crafted for a riding dog or other 
Medium quadruped, but it probably couldn't wear armor crafted 
for a Medium monstrous spider. 
Weapons: Weapons don't change size to match the wielder. 
You can wield an inappropriately sized weapon with a penalty (see 
PH 113). Regardless of a weapon's size, as long as you can hold a 
weapon you can activate its abilities; for example, a human could 
still activate the wishes held within a Huge luck blade even though 
he couldn't wield it in combat. 
Shields: Like weapons, shields don't change size to match the 
wielder. Unlike with weapons, you gain no benefit from using 
an inappropriately sized shield. You can use the following table 
to determine the size of armor, shields, and weapons found at 
random. However, it's usually best to choose the size for an item 
by determining who in the adventuring group could get the most 
use out of it. 
d% Size 
01-30 Small 
31-90 Medium 
91-100 Large or larger* 
*DM's choice 

As a default rule, treat creatures of any shape as having all the normal body slots available. Creatures never gain extra body slots for having extra body parts (for example, a marilith still has only one hands body slot and two rings body slots). For unusual cases, here are some guidelines to help a DM particularly dedi­cated to details: 
Amorphous Creatures: Creatures without any shape, such as most oozes and the phasm (in its normal form), have no body slots and can't wear magic items at all. 
Armless Creatures: Creatures without forelimbs, such as snakes, don't have the arms, hands, or rings body slot (but see multilegged creatures, below). A creature with only a single forelimb retains these body slots, and can wear both of a pair on the same limb (such as both gloves on the same hand, and so on). 
Fingerless Creatures: Creatures without flexible digits or extremi­ties, such as horses, lack the rings body slot. A creature need not be able to manipulate objects to wear rings—a hell hound can wear a ring on a toe of its forelimb. 
Headless Creatures: Creatures without an identifiable head, such as shambling mounds, lack the face, head, and throat body slots. 
Legless Creatures: Creatures without hind limbs, such as lillends, don't have the feet body slot. 
Multilegged Creatures: Creatures with more than two legs can treat their foremost pair of limbs as their arms (allowing them access to the arms, hands, and rings body slots), even if those limbs are used for locomotion rather than for manipulation. Creatures with multiple legs that also have arms (such as centaurs or drid­ers) don't lack any body slots. 
ACTIVATING MAGIC ITEMS 

To use a magic item, it must be activated, although sometimes activation simply means putting a ring on your finger. Some items, once donned, function constantly. In many cases, using an item requires an action of some kind. 
You cannot activate an item that you do not properly possess, hold, or wear. A rod or wand must be held in your hand, a cloak must be worn on your back, and so on. Some items merely require that you carry them on your person but not specifically worn in a slot or carried in a hand (in a backpack, floating around your head, and so on). Each item in this book describes how you must carry it to benefit from its capabilities in the Body Slot entry of its description. A "—" indicates that the item merely needs to be carried on your person. 
Every magic item in this book has an Activation entry in its description that describes the type of action necessary (if any) to activate the item and the means of activation. The action type might be standard, full-round, move, free, swift, or immediate. For definitions of standard, full-round, move, and free actions, see pages 138-139 of the Player's Handbook. Swift and immediate actions are described in the sidebar on page 220. 
Following the action type is a parenthetical descriptor that further describes the means of activation; these are described below. 
—: A dash on the activation line indicates that the item is always active so long as you wear, wield, or possess it in the proper manner. Simply wearing a cloak of resistance provides you with its bonus; you do not need to activate it. Similarly, a +2 flaming batl tleaxe grants the benefit of its magic on attacks you make with it without any special action on your part. 
Using an item of this type does not provoke attacks of opportunity. 
[Action Type] (command): Command activation means that a character speaks a command word and the item activates. No other special knowledge is needed. 
A command word is the key to the item's lock, as it were. It can be a real word such as "Vibrant," "Square," or "Horse," but when this is the case, the holder of the item runs the risk of activating the item accidentally by speaking the word in normal conversa­tion. More often, the command word is a seemingly nonsensical word, or a word or phrase from an ancient language no longer in common use. 
Activating a command word magic item does not provoke attacks of opportunity. You cannot activate a command word item in the area of a silence spell or if you are unable to speak. 
[Action Type] (manipulation): Activating this type of item requires some physical manipulation of it, such as moving an immovable rod or pulling a patch from a robe of useful items. This movement is similar to the somatic component of a spell, in that you need a free hand to perform the action. 
Activating a manipulation item provokes attacks of opportunity. 
[Action Type] (mental): This type of item merely requires that you will it to function. Activating the item is a purely mental action. You can use the item in the area of a silence spell, while grappled, while paralyzed, and so on, as long as you have control of your own thoughts. 
Activating such a magic item does not provoke attacks of opportunity. You cannot use a mentally activated item if you are dominated, unconscious, sleeping, turned to stone, or otherwise incapable of conscious independent thought. (However, someone who dominates you could make you use a mentally activated item or give you free rein to use it within the bounds of his other instructions.) 
[Action Type] (spell completion): This is the activation method for scrolls. A scroll is a spell that is mostly finished. The preparation is done for the caster, so no preparation time is needed beforehand as with normal spellcasting. All that's left to do is perform the short, simple, finishing parts of the spellcasting (the final gestures, words, and so on). To use a spell completion item safely, a character must be of high enough level in the right class 
SWIFT AND IMMEDIATE ACTIONS 
These action types were introduced in previous supplements. 
A description of how they work follows. Swift Action: A swift action consumes a very small amount of time, but represents a larger expenditure of effort and energy than a free action. You can perform one swift action per turn without affecting your ability to perform other actions. In that regard, a swift action is like a free action. However, you can perform only a single swift action per turn, regardless of what other actions you take. Immediate Action: Much like a swift action, an immediate 
action consumes a very small amount of time, but represents a 
to cast the spell already. If he can't already cast the spell, there's a chance he'll make a mistake (see Scroll Mishaps, DMG 238, for possible consequences). 
Activating a spell completion item provokes attacks of oppor­tunity exactly as casting a spell does. You cannot activate a spell completion item if you would normally be prevented from casting the spell (for instance, you're in the area of a silence spell and the spell has a verbal component). 
[Action Type] (spell trigger): Spell trigger activation is simi­lar to spell completion, but it's even simpler. No gestures or spell finishing is needed, just a knowledge of spellcasting and a single word that must be spoken. This means that if a wizard picks up a spell trigger activation item (such as a wand or a staff) and that item stores a wizard spell, she knows how to use it. Specifically, anyone with a spell on his or her spell list knows how to use a spell trigger item that stores that spell. (This is the case even for a character who can't actually cast spells, such as a 3rd-level paladin.) The user must still determine what spell is stored in the item before she can activate it. 
Activating a spell trigger item does not provoke attacks of opportunity. 
— (ammunition): This type of item must be fired from a pro­jectile weapon, such as a bow, crossbow, or sling. It activates in flight or upon reaching its target. Activating magic ammunition requires no special action; such items are activated as part of the action of firing the projectile weapon. Some kinds of magic ammu­nition can also be activated by throwing them (see below). 
[Action Type] (thrown): This type of item must be thrown and is activated upon impact or in flight. It has the same options for targeting as a splash weapon (PH 158). 
Throwing an item is a ranged attack and provokes attacks of opportunity. Unless stated otherwise, a thrown item is destroyed after its effect is resolved, and it cannot then be reused. 
RESOLVING THE EFFECT 

A magic item's description either specifically details its effect when activated or refers you to a particular spell, power, class feature, or other entry to learn the effect. Don't assume that just because a spell is a prerequisite that the item necessarily replicates that spell—in many cases, the spell is simply the closest reason­able effect to the item's power. 
SAVE DCS AND CASTER LEVELS 
Most item descriptions indicate the save DC (if any) for the item's powers. In cases where the save DC isn't given, the DC is 10 + (1-1/2 x the level of the spell or effect [rounded down]). (Effec­
larger expenditure of effort and energy than a free action. Unlike 
a swift action, an immediate action can be performed at any 
time—even if it's not your turn. Using an immediate action on your turn is the same as using a 
swift action, and it counts as your swift action for that turn. You 
cannot use another immediate action or a swift action until after 
your next turn if you have used an immediate action when it is 
not currently your turn (effectively, using an immediate action 
before your turn is equivalent to using your swift action for the 
coming turn). You also cannot use an immediate action if you 
are currently flat-footed. 
tively, this assumes that the item has the minimum ability score required to cast the spell.) 
Similarly, each item's description indicates the caster level of its effect. If an item doesn't mention a caster level, assume the caster level is equal to the minimum caster level required for the highest-level spell given as a prerequisite for the item. For an item with only an enhancement bonus and no other abilities (such as a +3 longsword), the caster level is three times the enhancement bonus. 
The description of an item's effect always supersedes the caster level given in the Caster Level entry. For example, even if an item with caster level 7th mimics a spell with a duration of 1 minute per caster level, if the item effect gives its duration as only 1 minute, you should ignore the normal duration in favor of this value. 
Staffs and runestaffs (see page 223) are exceptions to this rule. Treat the saving throw DCs for these items as if the wielder had cast the spell herself, including caster level and all modifiers to the save DC. 
CHARGED AND SINGLE-USE ITEMS 
Not all magic items allow unlimited use of their powers. Some, such as wands and a chime of opening, have a limited number of uses (or charges) before their powers are permanently depleted. Others, such as potions and scrolls, function only a single time. After you use up the last charge or use of one of these items, it becomes a nonmagical object. Partially depleted charged items can't be recharged. 
DAILY-USE ITEMS 
Many magic items have a limited number of uses or charges per day. When the last of these charges is used, that power is no longer available, but the item is still magical (and might even still have other powers available). Unless otherwise noted, any item with daily uses regains all of those charges at dawn each day. 
SPECIAL MAGIC ITEM RULES 
This book presents a variety of new or revised subcategories of 
magic items that share certain attributes or game rules. Each 
subcategory is described below. 
AUGMENT CRYSTALS 
Tordek found a glowing green gem in the dragon's hoard. When he touched the gem to his axe's haft, it attached to the weapon's base. Tordek's axe now glowed with the same green energy, acid dripping along its length. When he removed the gem and affixed it to his dagger, the axe lost this ability, but the dagger dripped with acid instead. 
BEHIND THE CURTAIN: AUGMENT CRYSTALS 
Augment crystals offer characters a cheap method of improving weapons and armor. Unlike adding a normal armor or weapon property, buying and using an augment crystal doesn't require making a permanent decision about the item—if it later proves uninteresting, it can be sold or traded to help pay for a more powerful crystal or item. 
The "swappable" nature of augment crystals also allows a 
An augment crystal is a small gem, crystal, or similar object that provides a magical effect when affixed to a weapon, shield, or suit of armor (or any other magic item that grants an armor bonus to AC). Each item can hold a single augment crystal, but an attached crystal can be swapped for another one at any time. Attaching an augment crystal to (or removing it from) an item requires a move action that doesn't provoke attacks of opportu­nity. Effectively, each eligible item has a single "slot" that can be filled by any appropriate augment crystal. Each augment crystal's Body Slot entry gives the appropriate item to which it can be attached. 
Augment crystals are ranked as least, lesser, or greater. (Any crystal without a rank is considered a least augment crystal.) The rank not only describes the relative power level of the crystal's effect, but also the minimum required quality or enhance­ment bonus of the armor, shield, or weapon for the crystal to function: 
•	
 A least augment crystal functions whenever attached to an object of at least masterwork quality, even if the object itself has no magical properties. 

•	
 A lesser augment crystal functions only when attached to an object with a magical enhancement bonus of +1 or higher (such as a +1 longsword or bracers of armor +l). 

•	
 A greater augment crystal functions only when attached to an object with a magical enhancement bonus of +3 or higher. Only the item's actual bonus applies, not its "effective" bonus; for example, a +1 keen holy flaming burst longsword won't allow a greater augment crystal to function, since its actual bonus is only +1. 


Augment crystals are found in Chapter 1: Armor and Chapter 
2: Weapons. 
RELICS 

Brandor stood firm as the great dragon charged. Though the iron-thewed human could feel waves of preternatural fear washing over him,he paid them no heed. The onrushing dragon's jaws snapped with lightning speed, but its awesome teeth didn't sink into Brandor's armored body. Instead, they closed on his greatsword, shattering the steel as though it were brittle glass. The dragon's eyes took on a wicked gleam as shards of broken steel fell like rain, but it wasn't prepared for what happened next. Brandor cast aside the useless sword hilt and, with a quick prayer to Kord, seized the dragon's horns and wrenched at the massive head. Befuddled and dismayed, the dragon tried to shake off the puny human with a toss of its head. But Brandor held on, wrenching at the great head with all his might and main. The dragon resisted the inexorable force of Brandor's grip for a heartbeat; then it was lifted off its feet and thrown down like an immense rag doll. Outraged, the dragon writhed and tore at the human with its claws, but Brandor pressed his advantage, 
character to be prepared for more eventualities. Paying for the ghost touch weapon property is not only a significant investment in gold, but also feels like wasted space whenever the characters aren't fighting shadows and wraiths. On the other hand, a lesser truedeath crystal (page 66) provides the same effect but can be swapped for another crystal when you don't face incorporeal creatures. Even low-level characters can afford to carry a couple of least crystals, and high-level characters can easily afford to keep a few extras in a bag of holding for special situations. 
pinning the dragon to the ground. As his allies closed in, the proud dragon was forced to yield, and Brandor stood aside while the dragon was bound. Flexing his muscles once, he allowed himself a broad grin and casually hooked his thumbs into the belt of thick, gem-studded golden links that he wore. 
A relic is a magic item that provides its full function only for a character devoted to the deity to whom the relic is dedicated. The user must devote a measure of spiritual energy to maintain a divine connection between the relic he wields and his deity's power. (Relics appear throughout Chapters 1 through 4.) 
This divine connection can be opened in two ways. 
•	
 A divine spellcaster devoted to the relevant deity can tempo­rarily sacrifice a spell slot of the level specified in the relic's description. He can't use the spell slot anymore, but he can use the relic. Whenever the character prepares or readies his divine spells, he decides whether he wants to keep the divine connection to the relic active by sacrificing the spell slot. 

•	
 Whether the character is a divine caster or not, he can wield a relic's power if he has the True Believer feat (see sidebar) and a sufficiently high character level (measured by Hit Dice), as described in the item description. Typically, his character level must be high enough that he could cast spells of the level required for sacrifice if all his levels were in the cleric class. 


For example, Jozan is a 9th-level cleric of Pelor who finds himself in possession of a dawnstar relic. At dawn (that is, when prepar­ing his cleric spells), he can sacrifice a 4th-level spell slot to gain the full use of the dawnstar for the day. Alternatively, he can prepare all his 4th-level spells and choose not to use the magic of the dawnstar. 
If Alhandra the paladin has the True Believer feat and worships Pelor, she can use the dawnstar as long as she's 7th level or higher, because that's the level at which she would first have a 4th-level spell slot if she were a cleric. If Jozan had the True Believer feat, he could likewise use the dawnstar at 7th level or higher, and wouldn't have to give up a spell slot to do so. 
Some relics have two or more tiers of relic powers, each requir­ing a different level of spell sacrifice (or character level, for those with the True Believer feat). Unless indicated otherwise, paying the second cost (or meeting the second level requirement) grants the character all the relic powers of the item. 
All relics have a caster level of 20th, regardless of the creator's caster level. 
In addition to its relic power, each relic has a base effect or power available to any character whose alignment is within one step of the associated deity's. For example, the axe of ancestral virtue functions as a +1 keen adamantine dwarven waraxe in the hands of any character who is lawful good, lawful neutral, or neutral 
RELIC FEATS 
The following feats previously appeared in Complete Divine, and are reprinted here for convenience. 
Sanctify Relic [Item Creation] 
You can create magic items that are imbued with a connection 
to your deity. Prerequisite: Any other item creation feat. Benefit: You can craft relics—magic items that rely on a 
divine connection to a specific deity to function. 
good (that is, within one step of Moradin's LG alignment). In the hands of a character not of one of these alignments, the item has no magical abilities whatsoever and is simply an adamantine dwarven waraxe. 
With a successful DC 20 Knowledge (religion) check, a charac­ter can identify any relic on sight. You might consider granting a character a +5 bonus on checks made to identify a relic dedicated to his church. 
Furthermore, a character can improve an existing relic just as he could any other magic item. An axe of ancestral virtue has an effective enhancement bonus of +2 (+1 plus another +1 for the keen property), so improving it to a +2 keen adamantine dwarven waraxe would cost 10,000 gp, just as it would for any other weapon. In general, a character can add only to the item's non-relic powers; however, you might allow a particularly dedicated character to add a new relic power (with an appropriate cost). Any additions to a relic—whether relic powers or not—must fit the theme of the deity to which the item is dedicated. For example, adding the merciful weapon property to the morningstar of the many (a relic dedicated to the murderous god Erythnul) would be inappropriate. The DM is always the final arbiter of such decisions. 
Putting Relics into Play 
Relics are generally not available for purchase, nor will a char­acter trying to sell one automatically find a buyer. These items are rarer than other magic items; usually no more than a half-dozen copies of each relic exist. Secondly, they're tied so tightly to worship of a particular deity that only a few characters can use them. 
Item descriptions provide market prices for each relic, but a PC will never find a price tag on a relic. Prices are given for relics to help the DM design appropriate treasure for the monsters or NPCs in the campaign. A church might offer a finder's fee or gifts equivalent to half the market price if a party were to return a lost relic, but such a situation should be roleplayed, since the deal depends greatly on the relationship between the church and the PCs who acquired the relic. 
Here are a few ways a DM can put a relic into play. 
•	
 The traditional enemy of a PC's church—knowingly or unknowingly—has acquired a holy relic dedicated to the character's deity. You might send the PCs looking specifically for the relic or let them stumble across it accidentally. 

•	
 A relic once wielded by a great hero might show up in the treasure hoard of the powerful monster (such as a dragon) that caused the hero's death many years (or decades or centuries) earlier. The characters might discover the relic unexpectedly or (using Gather Information or divination magic) intention­ally follow its trail. 


True Believer 

Your deity rewards your unquestioning faith and devotion. Prerequisite: Must choose a single deity to worship. Must be 
within one step of that deity's alignment. Benefit: Once per day when you are about to attempt a saving 
throw, you can declare that you are using this feat to gain a +2 
insight bonus on that saving throw. This feat also allows you to use a relic of the deity you worship without sacrificing a spell slot. 
•	
 In exchange for a great service to the church, a PC could be awarded the use of a relic—perhaps in place of a monetary reward of similar value. This loan might be a reward for a task already completed, or a tool provided to accomplish a newly acquired quest. 

•	
 The Sanctify Relic feat (see sidebar) allows a character to craft a relic for which he meets the requirements. While the prereq­uisite for this feat (any other item creation feat) is easy for any caster to meet, a DM could introduce story-based requirements or ramifications for a character who wants to craft such an item. Certainly, any local church dedicated to the same deity would take an interest in a character who suddenly appears with a shiny new relic. 


Creating Relics for Your Campaign 
The relics in this book are based on the deities of the core D&D 
pantheon, but they don't have to be. Moradin's axe of ancestral virtue 
works just as well for any dwarven deity you create yourself—or 
any warlike but good deity, for that matter. 
If you create your own relic, price the base item—that is, the 
effect available to a character who doesn't have the True Believer 
feat and chooses not to sacrifice a divine spell slot—just as you 
would any other magic item. The relic's special power, however, 
should be virtually free—rather than assessing a gp cost, the 
"cost" to the character is the spell slot or feat required to unlock 
the power. 
The key is to balance the lost spell slot against the potency of 
the relic's special power or powers. A relic that requires a charac­
ter to sacrifice a 4th-level spell should provide a power roughly 
equivalent to (or maybe a little bit better than) a typical 4th-level 
spell. Such a power shouldn't simply be a single daily use of 
another 4th-level spell—after all, the character could just have 
prepared that spell in the sacrificed spell slot. Instead, it should 
be something that the character couldn't do with a spell slot of 
that level. 
RUNESTAFFS 
Hennet stepped boldly toward the red dragon Azymondian, who gave an evil chuckle. Thanks to its well-placed agents, the dragon knew full well that the sorcerer's best weapons—his spells of fire—would be usel less. "You don't really think that your precious wall of fire can hold me back, do you?" 
BEHIND THE CURTAIN: RELICS 
Relics are somewhat more complex than standard magic items, but they don't require a player to learn any complicated new systems. Many have magical effects that no spell duplicates exactly, which gives them the feel of "artifacts on the cheap," but their overall power level isn't out of line with other magic items in the game. 
As originally presented, most relics were extraordinarily ex. pensive—a fact that effectively designated them as usable only by high-level characters. An unfortunate side effect of the high price, however, was that by the time the average cleric or paladin could "afford" to find a relic dedicated to his deity—that is, by the time such a valuable item was reasonable to recover in an enemy's treasure hoard—the character probably already had a more expensive and powerful item filling a similar niche. The 
Hennet smiled back. "You're right, dragon, it won't." Then he reached into his bag of holding and drew forth a pale wooden staff chased with silver runes and tipped at each end with a glittering diamond. "But as my uncle used to say, sometimes what you know isn't as limiting as you think." 
axe of ancestral virtue, for example, originally had a price similar to a +5 weapon, but by the time a character could reasonably "find" the axe, he probably already had a better weapon, so he'd have to sell his existing weapon to "make room" for the axe. And many players just aren't interested in selling an expensive, powerful item in order to make room for another item—even if the second item is more flavorful. 
To make relics more palatable to characters, we have reduced their prices so that they can show up earlier in the campaign— often even before a character is experienced enough to unlock their extra powers, so that they can "grow" along with the char. acter. In some cases, this tactic required us to reduce the relic's power as well, but in many cases the extra ability a dedicated wielder gets is better than what the item previously provided. 
The dragon howled in pain and surprise as great hailstones pounded down upon it from the sky above. If it survived this battle, it vowed, it would take great pleasure in devouring its "well-placed agents." 
A runestaff allows its wielder to use her own arcane energy to generate magical effects. Typically, a runestaff has anywhere from two to five spells. By expending a prepared arcane spell or arcane spell slot, the wielder can cast a spell of the same level or lower from the runestaffs list, as long as that spell also appears on the wielder's class spell list. The spell is treated exactly as if the wielder cast the spell herself, including caster level, save DC, and any other effects related to the spell. Unless stated otherwise in the runestaffs description, each spell can be cast from a runestaff three times per day. 
Example: Mialee wields a runestaff of frost, which holds ice storm, wall of ice, and cone of cold. She can sacrifice a prepared dimension door (a 4th-level spell) to cast either ice storm or wall of ice, since those are 4th-level wizard spells, if she sacrificed a prepared teleport (a 5th-level spell), she could cast any of the staffs three spells (since they are all 5th level or lower on the wizard spell list). 
Example: Hofgren the hexblade (CW 5) could sacrifice a 2nd­level spell slot to cast suggestion from a runestaff of enchantment, since that's a 2nd-level hexblade spell. He couldn't use the staff's crushing despair, mind fog, or mass suggestion spells, since those aren't on the hexblade spell list. 
In order to use a runestaff, you must attune yourself to it as part of your preparation or readying of arcane spells. You can't attune yourself to more than one runestaff at a time; attuning yourself to a second runestaff breaks your previous attunement. 
Activating a runestaff (that is, casting a spell from it) is almost like casting the spell yourself, including casting time and even provoking attacks of opportunity. You must supply any com­ponents or costs normally required by the spell cast from the runestaff, just as if you had cast it yourself. 
•	
 If the spell has a verbal component, activating the runestaff requires you to perform that verbal component (and thus the spell can't be cast if you're incapable of speaking). 

•	
 If the spell has a somatic component, you don't need to have an extra hand free; simply manipulating the staff can meet the requirement (though arcane spell failure chance still applies). 

•	
 If the spell has a material component or focus, you must supply it as part of the casting. For example, if a runestaff held stoneskin, you'd have to supply 250 gp of diamond dust each time you cast that spell from the runestaff. 

•	
 If a spell has an XP component, you must pay it each time you use a runestaff to cast that spell. 


BEHIND THE CURTAIN: RUNESTAFFS 
A runestaff allows an arcane spellcaster to augment her normal versatility without relying on charged items or simply adding more spells or spell-like abilities per day. Since a runestaff relies on the character's own spell slots to provide power, its price might seem artificially low. How. ever, although increased versatility can result in a powerful character, it typically does so indirectly (by rewarding good strategy and character-building) rather than directly (by 
•	 If the spell has any other prerequisite required to cast it (such as an alignment or racial restriction), you must meet the pre­requisite to cast the spell from a runestaff. 
You can apply the effect of metamagic feats that you know to spells from a runestaff, but you must expend a spell whose level equals or exceeds the adjusted level of the affected spell. Continu­ing the example given above, Mialee could apply her Empower Spell feat to the runestaffs ice storm, but she'd have to sacrifice a prepared spell of 6th level or higher (since Empower Spell adds two to the spell's level). 
A runestaff appears essentially identical to a normal staff of the same name, though it always bears arcane runes (large and bold on some staffs, faint on others) that reveal its name and the spells it holds to anyone who uses read magic or succeeds on a DC 20 Spellcraft check. 
Runestaffs appear in Chapter 4: Tools. 
Creating New Runestaffs 
If you want to create a runestaff of your own design, it should have two to five arcane spells associated with it, and the spells should be thematically linked in some way. The lowest-level spell in a runestaff should be at least 3rd level. 
Crafting a runestaff requires the Craft Staff feat, along with any spells held by the runestaff. You don't need to supply any mate­rial components or foci required by the spells in a runestaff, nor do you need to pay any XP cost required by the spells, since the wielder of the staff pays those costs. 
To set the price of a runestaff, multiply the level of the high­est-level spell in the runestaff by itself, then by 400 gp. For each additional spell in the runestaff, square that spell's level and mul­tiply by 200 gp. Add the values together to find the final price of the runestaff. If a spell can be used less than three times per day, reduce the gp multiplier for that spell by 100 per use below three (or 50 per use below three, for spells after the first). 
Example: Steve's sorcerer wants to invent the runestaff of speedy travel, which would provide dimension door (4th), fly (3rd), and expel ditious retreat (1st). The price for this item would be 6,400 (4 X 4 x 400) plus 1,800 (3 X 3 X 200) plus 200 (1 X 1 X 200), or 8,400 gp. If he only wanted to be able to use dimension door once per day, the price would be reduced to 6,800 gp (4 X 4 X 200 gp for dimension door, plus the other costs as normal). 
SYNERGY PROPERTIES 
Some of the armor, shield, and weapon properties described in Chapters 1 and 2 include the term [Synergy] after their names. A synergy property has a prerequisite, much as a feat does. Specifically, the item must already possess another particular 
simply increasing the power of existing abilities or granting entirely new abilities). 
In general, runestaffs are priced so that they are most likely to appear in a character's hands shortly after he becomes capable of casting spells of the item's highest level. A rune. staff of fire, for example, costs 8,400 gp. That's nearly half of the average character wealth for a 7th-level character (the minimum level to cast 4th-level spells), so it's likely out of his price range. By 9th level, though, it's only a quarter of the character's expected wealth, and well within reach. 
TABL E  6-1 :  VARIAN T SYNERG Y  ABILITIE S  
(ARMOR/SHIELD )  
Armor/Shield  Prerequisite  Base Price  
Property  Property  Modifier  
Energy resistance,  Energy resistance  +24,000 gp  
improved*  
Energy resistance,  Energy resistance,  +24,000 gp  
greater*  improved  
Fortification,  Fortification, light  +2 bonus  
moderate  
Fortification, heavy  Fortification, moderate  +2 bonus  
Shadow,  improved  Shadow  +11,250 gp  
Shadow,  greater  A  Shadow, improved  +18,750 gp  
Silent moves,  A  Silent moves  +11,250 gp  
improved  
ASilent moves,  greater  Silent moves, improved  +18,750 gp  
Slick,  improved  A  Slick  +11,250 gp  
Slick,  greater  A  Slick, improved  +18,750 gp  
ASpell resistance (15)  Spell resistance (13)  +1 bonus  
Spell resistance (17)  Spell resistance (15)  +1 bonus  
Spell resistance (19)  Spell resistance (17)  +1 bonus  

* Includes acid, cold, electricity, fire, and sonic resistance. 
A: Property only applies to armor. 
TABLE 6-2: VARIANT SYNERGY ABILITIES (WEAPONS) Weapon Prerequisite Base Price Property Property Modifier 
Flaming burst Flaming +1 bonus Icy burst Frost +1 bonus Shocking burst Shock +1 bonus 
property before a synergy ability can be added to it. Otherwise, synergy abilities function the same as any other armor or weapon property. 
Despite the requirements for adding synergy abilities to armor and weapons, most adventurers consider them well worth the cost. These properties allow you to upgrade a favored ability of an item over time, rather than paying for it all at once. Synergy properties always replace their prerequisite property. Many synergy proper­ties expand upon or improve the prerequisite property, and others both subsume the prerequisite property and add new abilities. 
To determine a synergy item's effective enhancement bonus (and thus its aura strength and overall gp value), add together the bonus equivalent of the synergy property, the bonus equivalent of the synergy prerequisite property, the item's enhancement bonus, and any bonus equivalents for other properties the item has. However, after adding a synergy property, the item loses its synergy prerequisite abilities. 
DAMAGE AND REPAIR 
Unless otherwise noted, a magic item can be damaged just like any other object, but they are often more durable than nonmagical objects. Magic armor, shields, and weapons, for example, add 2 to their hardness and gain 10 hit points for each +1 of enhancement bonus. Other magic items have hardness and hit points normal for their material and item type, though exceptions can exist. 
A magic item's save bonus (for all saves) equals 2 + 1/2 its caster level (rounded down). An intelligent magic item (DMG 268) also adds its Wisdom bonus on Will saves. That said, a magic item doesn't even need to attempt a saving throw against a harmful effect unless it meets one of three criteria: 
For example, +1 greater anchoring full plate has a total effective enhancement bonus of +3 (+1 enhancement + 1 anchoring + 1 greater anchoring), with a value of 9,170 gp and an aura strength equal to that of +3 full plate. However, +1 greater anchoring full plate does not still give its wearer the anchoring property's +5 bonus on checks to resist being tripped, overrun, or bull rushed. It instead gives the wearer the greater anchoring property's benefit (a +10 bonus on such checks). 
A synergy property still counts as any of its synergy prereq­uisite properties for the purpose of qualifying an item for still more synergy properties. For example, a +1 acidic burst longsword is still considered a corrosive weapon for the purpose of qualify­ing to receive the energy surge synergy property (see Chapter 2 for details on these weapon properties). 
Many existing armor and weapon properties could be consid­ered synergy abilities; see Tables 6-1 and 6-2 for some options. This doesn't really change the end price of the armor or weapon, but it creates an inexpensive starting point and obvious upgrade path to reach what would otherwise be an exceptionally expensive end point. Typically, these synergy abilities supersede or simply replace the prerequisite property. 
MAGIC ITEM SETS 

Magic item sets (Chapter 5) use an expanded version of the normal magic item format to present their information. The new portions of the set descriptions are described below. 
Introduction: A short introductory paragraph follows the set's title. This paragraph introduces the set in a general way. The paragraph that follows describes the types of characters who will likely find the set useful. 
Lore: The Lore section includes DCs for Knowledge and bardic knowledge checks, as well as the information the DM should impart when a PC meets or exceeds the DC. A character who meets or exceeds a result gets all the information given for lower DCs. 
The lowest DC typically gives the item set's general history. The next higher DC tells a little more about that history, and the DC after that reveals some secret that might be important to a PC collecting the set. The highest DC provided should tell a PC where a piece of the set was last known to have been used, and perhaps who possessed it. As a DM, you should use such a result to spur adventure. As with all Knowledge and bardic knowledge checks, a PC cannot take 20 or retry the check, but a PC who wants more information than the check result provided can spend additional time to research more about the item or try to find someone with more knowledge. 
Tables: Two tables accompany each item set description. The Pieces and Abilities table summarizes the items in the set, their costs, the item slots they use, and their abilities. You can look at 
•	
 It is unattended; 


•	
 It is specifically targeted by an effect (such as a shatter spell); or 

• 
Its	 wielder rolls a natural 1 on his save against an effect that can harm objects. A damaged magic item continues to function (and can be 


repaired) as long as it has at least 1 hit point. If reduced to 0 hit points, it is destroyed and all its magical power lost forever. 
It costs no more to repair a magic item with the Craft skill (PH 70) than it does to repair its nonmagical counterpart. The make whole spell also repairs a damaged—but not destroyed— magic item. 
this table to tell at a glance if the item set is something in which a character might be interested. The Collection Benefits table summarizes the abilities granted by collecting the sets and the number of items necessary to gain each collection benefit. 
Collection Benefits: This section of the set's description tells you how each collection benefit works. Where necessary, the col­lection benefits describe the necessary action type, caster level, and so on. 
Pieces of the Set: The individual items in the set follow, pre­sented in the format used throughout Magic Item Compendium. 
Creating Magic Item Sets 
Each magic item set began with one original set. That original set was created or discovered in some legendary fashion, but now others can copy the items in the set so long as they have a piece of a set to work from. If your character has a piece of a set, he can create (or have someone else create) any other piece of the set using the normal magic item creation rules. He doesn't need to find one of the original set's pieces to make his own; any piece he finds can function as the genesis for recreating the entire set. He might also add other properties to items in the set using the rules found in the Dungeon Master's Guide and on page 233 of this book. You cannot alter or add to an item set's collection benefits. 
Collecting Magic Item Sets 
Because a character must first have a piece of the set to create more, DMs can control the introduction of the sets and their prevalence in the world. Once a set piece is introduced, a character might be able to create the other pieces or pay for them to be created. Depend­ing on how prevalent the set is, it might be possible to purchase a piece. However, if a PC is interested in collecting a set, a DM should consider placing additional pieces in treasure hoards and allowing PCs to discover them based on rumors of their use. 
A PC can usually obtain the first item of a set at a relatively low level, collecting more expensive set pieces as he advances. Each piece of a set has an item level, allowing a DM to know at a glance when an item in a set is appropriate for the PCs in his campaign. 
ITEM LEVELS 

This book assigns a level rating to each magic item, based on the item's market price. This is not the same as an item's caster level. Instead, the level rating of a magic item is a tool for the DM. Whether you're creating a monster's treasure hoard, building an NPC opponent, or crafting a player character above 1st level, choosing the appropriate magic items to include is crucial, and each item's level helps you do exactly that. 
Mechanically, an item's level has no bearing on the game. It doesn't tell you (except indirectly) how potent the item is, how much damage it deals, or how difficult it is to suppress or dispel its effects. 
Currently, the game assigns a budget of gold pieces based on the level of a monster, NPC, or PC to "spend" for that creature's treasure hoard or personal gear. This system is precise and monetarily efficient—it encourages you to spend every last gp allotted—but it's also slow. When you need to equip a bunch of NPCs in a hurry, or you just want a playable PC for tonight's game, you might reasonably choose for speed to take precedence over precision. Even if you're not choosing items randomly, the random tables in Appendix 2 provide a list of all items in this book and the DMG sorted by item level. 
The item level system retains most of the economy of magic items, but replaces the precision of market price with the abstrac­tion of level. A cloak of resistance +1, pipes of the sewers, and a divine scroll of slay living are all 4th-level magic items, even though their market prices are slightly different. 
Coincidentally, an item's level also provides a useful guideline to the DM as to when such an item becomes appropriate for the PCs. In general, PCs should own items of their own character level or lower. Small exceptions to this general guideline exist—a 12th-level magic item is okay in the hands of a 10th-level PC—but straying too far can cause trouble. 
Be warned that this system consciously trades precision for speed. It allows you to equip a character quickly, but it doesn't necessarily spend every last gold piece available, nor does it exactly replicate what you could purchase with the "normal" systems available. When creating an important NPC, building a player character's equipment list for a long-term campaign, or designing a treasure hoard (see page 265), consider using the normal rules in place of these. 
TABLE 6-3: ITEM LEVELS BY PRICE Item Market Price Level Range (gp) Sample Items 
1/2 1-50 potion or scroll (1st-level 
spell), alchemist's fire 
1st 51-150 masterwork armor, 
scroll (2nd-level spell) 
2nd 151-400 masterwork weapon, 
potion (2nd-level spell) 
3rd 401-800 wand (1st-level spell), 

potion (3rd-level spell) 
4th 801-1,300 +1 armor 
5th 1,301-1,800 brooch of shielding, 

full plate armor 
6th 1,801-2,300 +1 weapon 
7th 2,301-3,000 cloak of elvenkind 
8th 3,001-4,000 +2 armor, 

gauntlets of ogre power 

9th 4,001-5,000 wand (2nd-level spell) 10th 5,001-6,500 boots of striding and springing 11th 6,501-8,000 +2 weapon 12th 8,001-10,000 +3 armor 13th 10,001-13,000 boots of speed, 
wand (3rd-level spell) 
14th 13,001-18,000 +3 weapon, +4 armor, 

gloves of Dexterity +4 

15th 18,001-25,000 +5 armor, 
wand (4th-level spell) 
16th 25,001-35,000 +4 weapon 
17th 35,001-48,000 amulet of health +6 
18th 48,001-64,000 +5 weapon 
19th 64,001-80,000 robe of the archmagi 
20th 80,001-100,000 amulet of mighty fists +4 
21th 100,001-120,000 robe of eyes 
22th 120,001-140,000 holy avenger 
23th 140,001-160,000 efreeti bottle 
24th 160,001-180,000 staff of passage 
25th 180,001-200,000 +5 vorpal weapon 
26th 200,001-220,000 staff of power 
27th 220,001-240,000 ring of elemental immunity 

(ELH) 28th 240,001-260,000 boots of swiftness (ELH) 29th 260,001-280,000 staff of mighty force (ELH) 30th 280,001-300,000 mantle of epic spell resistance 
SETTING AN ITEM'S LEVEL 
An item's market price determines its level. Find the market price range on Table 6-3: Item Levels by Price in which this value falls; this tells you its level. For example, a cloak of elvenkind has a market price of 2,500 gp. This falls between 2,301 gp and 3,000 gp, which makes the cloak a 7th-level magic item. 
Fast-Play Exception: For magic weapons and armor, it's easiest to ignore the portion of market price derived from the masterwork item itself, as long as that's just a small fraction of the overall price. For example, treat a +1 greatsword (2,350 gp) as a 6th-level item, even though its actual market price is a little bit above that range. Don't abuse this shortcut by claiming that +1 full plate (2,650 gp market price) is only a 4th-level item (801-1,300 gp). 
EQUIPPING AN NPC 
Selecting equipment for an NPC is similar to building a treasure hoard, with two significant exceptions: 
•	
 Each NPC's gear includes multiple items specifically useful to that character; and 

•	
 Most of an NPC's treasure takes the form of equipment. 


Thus, equipping an NPC with this system is a bit more complicated than just building a hoard, but it's still faster than accounting for every last gold piece using the standard method. Because NPC gear value doesn't scale at the same rate at low levels and at high levels, use one of the following methods depending on the NPC's level: 
NPC Level 1st-6th: Assign items as shown below. 
NPC Level Item Levels 
1st 2, 1, 1 
2nd 3,3,2 
3rd 4,3,2 
4th 4,3,2,2 
5th 5,4,3 
6th 5,4,4, 3 

NPC Level 7th-20th: Starting two levels below the NPC's character level, select one item per level until you have five magic items. Then choose one additional item two levels below the NPC's level. For example, a 12th-level NPC wizard would select one item per level of 6th through 10th level, plus an extra 10th-level item. See the table below. 
NPC Level Item Levels 
7th 5,5,4,3,2, 1 
8th 6, 6,5,4,3,2 
9th 7, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3 
10th 8, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 
11th 9, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5 
12th 10, 10,9,8, 7,6 
13th 11, 11, 10,9,8, 7 
14th 12, 12, 11, 10,9,8 
15th 13, 13, 12, 11, 10,9 
16th 14, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10 
17th 15, 15, 14, 13,12,11 
18th 16, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12 
19th 17, 17, 16, 15, 14, 13 
20th 18, 18, 17, 16, 15, 14 

NPC Level 21st and up: Assign items as shown below. 
NPC Level  Item Levels  
21st  19, 18, 17, 16, 15, 14  
22nd  20, 19, 18, 17  
23rd  20, 19, 18, 17, 16  
24th  20,20, 19, 18  
25th  21,20, 19, 18  
26th  21,20, 19, 18, 17  
27th  22,21,20, 19  
28th  23,22,21,20  
29th  24, 23, 22, 21  
30th  25,24,23,22  

When choosing gear for an NPC, start with the most important items that he needs in the encounter. For example, an NPC fighter should pick his armor and weapon before making any other selec­tions. This ensures that the character has what he needs to keep up with the PCs in a fight. 
You should select most or all of an NPC's magic items rather than generating them randomly—random rolls can too easily result in an opponent without any useful combat items. A single randomly generated magic item can add a little spice to an encoun­ter, though, as well as suggesting a new tactic or unusual strategy for the character. 
If needed, your NPC can trade up to gain a more powerful item or trade down to increase the number of items he has. Trading the NPC's weakest item for multiple scrolls or potions is a good way to give the character a few more interesting options in combat. See Equipping a PC, below, for details. 
In addition to equipment, each NPC should carry approximately 100 gp worth of nonequipment treasure per character level (in the form of gold, gems, jewelry, and the like). 
USED WANDS 

Particularly when equipping an NPC, affording a fully charged wand can be difficult. Since the typical NPC won't have a chance to use more than a few wand charges in any combat, consider equipping such characters with partially used wands—that is, wands with fewer than full charges. This is also a good way to put a cheap wand into a treasure hoard, and you can even allow PCs to select a wand or two this way as well. 
Use the table below to assign an item level for less than fully 
charged  wands.  
Wand (Charges)  Item Level  
1st-level spell (10)  1st  
1st-level spell (20)  2nd  
2nd-level spell (10)  4th  
2nd-level spell (20)  5th  
3rd-level spell (10)  6th  
3rd-level spell (20)  9th  
4th-level spell (10)  8th  
4th-level spell (20)  11th  

Magic item creation requires much knowledge and many ingredients, some of them quite unsavory 
TABLE 6-4: ITEM LEVEL EQUIVALENCIES One Item of Equals Two Items of 
EQUIPPING A PC 
This system also lets you quickly select gear for a player character 
This Level This Level 
above 2nd level. It's not quite as accurate as the normal system, 
1st 	1/2 
but the variation is typically no more than a couple percentage 
2nd 	1st 
points from normal. 
3rd 	2nd 
Starting at the PC's character level, select two items of each 
4th 	3rd 
level all the way down to 1st level. For example, a 5th-level PC 
5th or 6th 4th 
would have two 5th-level items, two 4th-level items, two 3rd-level 
7th 	5th 
items, two 2nd-level items, and two 1st-level items. Just as when 
8th 	6th 
equipping an NPC, pick the most important items first, filling 
9th 	7th 
out with the less crucial gear at the end of the process. 
10th 	8th 
You can also allow the PC to take a lower-level item in place of 
11th 	9th 
a higher-level item, if you can't find a 12th-level item that interests 
12th 	10th 
you, you can always take an item of 11th level or lower in its place. 
13th 	11th 
You can trade multiple individual items for a single, higher-level 
14th 	12th 
item. Generally, this isn't as efficient (you get less total value than 
15th 13th 
what you give up), but the increased potency of the higher-level 16th 14th 
item is often worth it. The reverse is also true: To gain additional, 17th or 18th 15th 
weaker items you can trade a single higher-level item. See Table 6-4: 19th 16th 
Item Level Equivalencies, and use the following guidelines: 20th 17th 

•	
 To trade down, use the left-hand column to find the item you're 21st or 22nd 18th 

giving up, then read across to see what two items you get in 23rd or 24th 19th 
return. 25th or 26th 20th 


•	
 To trade up, use the right-hand column to find the pair of items 27th or 28th 21st 
you're giving up, then read across to see the single item you get 



29th 	22nd 
30th 	23rd 
in return. 

PLACING MAGIC ITEMS 

Including magic items as part of a treasure is a vital task of the 
DM; it's also delicate and difficult. It can be tempting to hand 
out powerful or particularly interesting items too soon or too 
often. (Some DMs make the opposite mistake, being too stingy 
and handing out too few magic items.) A single overpowering 
item can ruin a whole campaign—but if the PCs don't get enough 
magic items, they won't be powerful enough to deal with the 
challenges that have been balanced for characters of their level. 
The random magic item tables in Appendix 2 were designed 
to help in this regard. Frequently, however, you'll want to give 
your players items you have hand-picked as especially suitable 
for their characters. Feel free to do this more and more as you 
gain experience as a DM and—most important—as you become 
familiar with what items can and can't do. 
Remember that magic items can and probably will be used 
by the NPCs who own them, if an orc chief has a +2 longsword 
in his treasure hoard, he is likely to use it in his battle with the 
PCs. Creatures such as a medusa or a lammasu might be able 
to use certain items, such as a necklace of adaptation, and even 
a dragon can drink a potion. See Size and Shape, page 219, for 
advice on how to handle odd-shaped creatures using magic 
items. 
When placing magic items, keep two important numbers in 
mind. First is the expected treasure value for the monster or 
challenge overcome, as described on Table 3-3: Treasures Values 
UPGRADING ITEMS: 
AN EFFICIENT ALTERNATIVE 

Many of a character's most common items aren't gained (or purchased) as single, discrete items, but rather upgraded over the course of many levels. This category includes weapons, armor, ability-score boosters, and any other item with a bonus that can be improved from its starting value. 
When a player character selects any of these items, you have two options: the fast option or the efficient option. The fast option simply assigns the item a level based on its total market price—a +3 longsword (18,315 gp) is a 14th-level item. This approach is quick, easy, and allows you to move quickly from item to item. 
A more efficient (and favorable) approach is to pay for the item with multiple weaker item slots—sort of like buying it on an installment plan. This mimics the actual method by which most characters get their hands on magic items with high bonuses—by paying smaller quantities of gold repeatedly over the course of multiple levels to increase the item from its most basic form to its more powerful form. After all, that +3 longsword might have started as a +7 longsword (and a masterwork long. sword before that) and only achieved its current enhancement bonus because someone paid a wizard to improve it. 
To use the efficient option, choose the table appropriate to your item, then find the bonus in the left-hand column. The corresponding numbers in the right-hand column indicate the lower-level items that you can "sacrifice" in place of the normal item level slot. Using the +3 longsword as an example, rather than selecting it as a 14th-level item, you could pay for it with a 6th-level slot (which represents the +7 longsword you started with), a 10th-level slot (representing the sword's improvement from +1 to +2), and a 12th-level slot (the final improvement from +2 to +3). 
per Encounter on page 51 of the Dungeon Master's Guide and also on Table 6-8: Sample Treasures. Obviously, you shouldn't place items worth significantly more than a monster's expected treasure value without a good reason; otherwise you're overrewarding the characters (and contributing to unnecessary power inflation). Similarly, if more than half of a monster's treasure consists of a single item, this can lead to arguments over whether any char­acter "deserves" to get such a valuable item when the others get little or nothing. (Of course, if you have a lot of hoards like this, the total equals out over time, but make sure that your players recognize this to be true.) Finding items that fall in an appropri­ate price range is much easier if you use the lists of item levels by price found in Appendix 1. 
The second important value is the recommended wealth of PCs based on their level. Table 6-9: Character Wealth by Level reproduces this information, which was previously presented in the Dungeon Master's Guide and Epic Level Handbook, collecting it in one location for easy reference. When you place magic items, anything worth less than 5% of a PC's expected wealth often falls below his notice—not only is it probably too weak to be useful, but it's barely even worth writing down on the loot list for sale later. Exceptions exist, to be sure—an 8th-level fighter won't pass up a potion of cure serious wounds—but even these exceptions aren't very exciting. Conversely, an item worth more than 50% of a character's expected wealth is almost certainly too big a chunk to swallow all at once; most PCs are sorely tempted to sell such an item to buy multiple cheaper items (and you're also probably 
TABLE 6-5: ARMOR, SHIELDS, AND RESISTANCE BONUS Bonus Item Level Breakdown 
+2 8 (7 + 4) 
+3 12 (9 + 7 + 4) 
+4 14 (10 + 9 + 7 + 4) 
+5 15 (12 + 10 + 9 + 7 + 4) 

+6* 17 (13 + 12 + 10 + 9 + 7 + 4) 
+7* 18 (13 + 13 + 12 + 10 + 9 + 7 + 4) 
+8* 19 (14 + 13 + 12 + 10 + 9 + 7 + 4) 
+9* 20 (15 + 14 + 13 + 12 + 10 + 9 + 7 + 4) 
+10* 21 (16 + 15 + 14 + 13 + 12 + 10 + 9 + 7 + 4) 
* Refers to armor or shield's total effective	 bonus, including special properties. 
TABLE 6-6: WEAPON, DEFLECTION BONUS, OR NATURAL ARMOR BONUS Bonus Item Level Breakdown 
+2 11 (10 + 6) 
+3 14 (12 + 10 + 6) 
+4 16 (13 + 12 + 10 + 6) 

+5 18 (14 + 13 + 12 + 10 + 6) 
+6* 19(15 + 14 + 13 + 12 + 10 + 6) 
+7* 21 (15 + 15 + 14 + 13 + 12 + 10 + 6) 
+8* 23 (16 + 15 + 15 + 14 + 13 + 12 + 10 + 6) 
+9* 25 (17 + 16 + 15 + 15 + 14 + 13 + 12 + 10 + 6) 
+10* 27 (17 + 17 + 16 +15 + 15+ 14+ 13+ 12+ 10 +6) 
* Refers to weapon's total effective	 bonus, including special properties. 
TABLE 6-7: ABILITY SCORE BONUS Bonus Item Level Breakdown 
+4 13 + 8 
+6 15 + 13 + 8 


TABL E  6-8 :  SAMPL E  TREASURE S  
Sample  
Encounter  Treasure/  Treasure  
Level  Encounter  (Low Magic)  
1  300 gp  Level 1/2; 250 gp  
2  600 gp  Level 1; 450 gp  
3  900 gp  Level 1; 750 gp  
4  1,200 gp  Level 2; 800 gp  
5  1,600 gp  Level 2; 1,200 gp  
6  2,000 gp  Level 2; 1,600 gp  
7  2,600 gp  Level 3; 1,800 gp  
8  3,400 gp  Level 3; 2,600 gp  
9  4,500 gp  Level 4; 3,200 gp  
10  5,800 gp  Level 4; 4,500 gp  
11  7,500 gp  Level 5; 5,700 gp  
12  9,800 gp  Level 6; 7,600 gp  
13  13,000 gp  Level 7; 10,000 gp  
14  17,000 gp  Level 8; 13,000 gp  
15  22,000 gp  Level 9; 17,000 gp  
16  28,000 gp  Level 10; 21,500 gp  
17  36,000 gp  Level 12; 26,000 gp  
18  47,000 gp  Level 13; 34,000 gp  
19  61,000 gp  Level 13; 48,000 gp  
20  80,000 gp  Level 14; 62,000 gp  

faced with the "do you deserve this item" argument described earlier, not to mention the power inflation issue). 
As an example, it's just as inappropriate to place a suit of +5 full plate in the nest of an ettercap as it is to place a +1 longsword in the hoard of a beholder. In the former case, the item is well beyond the recommended treasure value for a creature of the ettercap's Challenge Rating, as well as significantly higher than the expected total wealth of any PC who would find the etter­cap a challenging opponent. In the latter case, not only is the weapon a relatively insignificant portion of a beholder's average treasure hoard, it's unlikely that any PC involved in the beholder's defeat will find such a weak magic item useful enough to keep. You're better off just including a piece of jewelry worth a similar amount, or at least a couple of scrolls or potions that are likely to find use. 
A useful tool introduced by this book to help you place appro­priately valued magic items is the concept of item levels (see page 226). That section includes advice on placing magic items in treasure hoards as well as in the hands of NPCs. 
BEHIND THE CURTAIN: HOW IT WORKS 
In this system, each item represents roughly half of the total net treasure a PC gains in the course of achieving the item's level. The top end of each level's market value range was created by subtracting a character's expected gear of level N-1 from that of level N—that is, the net treasure gained by the character in achieving the item's level—then halving the result. For example, a 6th-level item (1,801-2,300 gp) has a value equal to one-half the difference between the wealth of a 5th-level character and a 6th­level character (13,000-9,000 = 4,000 gp). Assigning a PC's gear, then, is a simple process of selecting which two items he gained at each of his levels. This is an abstraction, to be sure—PCs don't necessarily gain magic items at such a steady rate—but it works reasonably well when speed is your primary goal. 
Sample Sample Treasure Treasure (Half Magic) (All Magic) 
Level 1; 150 gp Level 1, 1 
Level 1, 1; 300 gp Level 2, 1 
Level 2; 500 gp Level 3, 1 Level 2, 1; 600 gp Level 4 Level 3; 800 gp Level 5 Level 3, 1; 1,050 gp Level 6 Level 4; 1,300 gp Level 7 
Level 5; 1,600 gp Level 8 Level 6; 2,300 gp Level 9 Level 7; 2,800 gp Level 10 Level 8; 3,500 gp Level 11 Level 9; 4,800 gp Level 12 Level 10; 6,500 gp Level 13 Level 11; 9,000 gp Level 14 Level 12; 12,000 gp Level 15 Level 13; 15,000 gp Level 16 Level 14; 18,000 gp Level 17 Level 15; 22,000 gp Level 18 Level 16; 31,000 gp Level 19 Level 17; 40,000 gp Level 20 
CHOOSING THE RIGHT ITEMS 
Placing magic items in a treasure hoard is more than just crunch­ing numbers. It doesn't do much good to put in items worth the right amount if none of the PCs finds them interesting enough to keep. Players are often coldly and brutally efficient in rating the perceived value of magic items found in a dungeon. No matter how lovingly crafted or integral to your world's history an item might be, if it doesn't fit the needs of any of the characters, it's going up for sale. 
To increase the odds of a magic item finding its way into a character's list of gear, think carefully about the kinds of tac­tics your players (and their characters) prefer. If Neil's fighter is extremely risk-averse, chances are he favors defensive items that boost his AC or saving throws. On the other hand, since Viet's paladin values offensive might over everything else, he's always looking for ways to increase the amount of damage he deals. Even though both characters fill a similar role in the party, the same magic item won't necessarily appeal equally. Neil's more likely 
Since NPCs don't accumulate treasure at the same rate as PCs (if they did, every NPC of your level you defeated would double your treasure), they can't use the same system for assigning gear. Nor does a one-size-fits-all system work at all levels, due to the uneven progression of NPC gear. This makes the ad hoc nature of the three systems described above necessary. 
In theory, you could use this system to buy many items that are low on the value range for a level and accidentally unde¬ requip your PC or NPC. However, the market price ranges are narrow enough that it's unlikely your result will vary significantly from the normal organic nature of character wealth acquisition. If you are really worried about spending all of a character's budget, you're better off using the normal system for equipping a character. 
TABLE 6-9: CHARACTER WEALTH BY LEVEL 
Character PC NPC 
Level Wealth Wealth 
1st see PH 111 900 gp 
2nd 900 gp 2,000 gp 
3rd 2,700 gp 2,500 gp 
4th 5,400 gp 3,300 gp 
5th 9,000 gp 4,300 gp 
6th 13,000 gp 5,600 gp 
7th 19,000 gp 7,200 gp 
8th 27,000 gp 9,400 gp 
9th 36,000 gp 12,000 gp 
10th 49,000 gp 16,000 gp 
11th 66,000 gp 21,000 gp 
12th 88,000 gp 27,000 gp 
13th 110,000 gp 35,000 gp 
14th 150,000 gp 45,000 gp 
15th 200,000 gp 59,000 gp 
16th 260,000 gp 77,000 gp 
17th 340,000 gp 100,000 gp 
18th 440,000 gp 130,000 gp 
19th 580,000 gp 170,000 gp 
20th 760,000 gp 220,000 gp 
21st 975,000 gp 240,000 gp 
22nd 1,200,000 gp 265,000 gp 
23rd 1,500,000 gp 290,000 gp 
24th 1,800,000 gp 320,000 gp 
25th 2,100,000 gp 350,000 gp 
26th 2,500,000 gp 390,000 gp 
27th 2,900,000 gp 430,000 gp 
28th 3,300,000 gp 470,000 gp 
29th 3,800,000 gp 520,000 gp 
30th 4,300,000 gp 570,000 gp 
to go after a ring of protection or minor cloak of displacement, while 
Viet's eyes will light up when he sees the gauntlets of ogre power 
or belt of one mighty blow (see page 74). Neither of them is going 
to jump at the chance to don a hat of disguise, so why bother to 
include it in a dragon's hoard? 
Avoid the temptation to second-guess your players, and don't 
assume they know what might come in handy later in the cam­
paign. Even though it's clear to you that Chris's wizard desperately 
needs an amulet of health for a few extra hit points, he might find 
the necklace of fireballs more fun. If you haven't told the players that 
the next adventure will lead them to the Elemental Plane of Fire, 
is it any surprise that they prefer to sell the ring of fire resistance 
they just found? 
Don't place an item whose only purpose is to replace a valuable 
item already possessed by one of the characters unless you're sure 
it's what the character wants. A +2 flaming morningstar might look 
better than the fighter's +1 keen longsword at first glance, but if that 
fighter has Weapon Focus, really enjoys the longsword's greater 
critical threat range, or expects to fight a lot of hell hounds in 
the near future, he's not going to consider the morningstar to 
be "better" than his longsword, even if it might be demonstrably 
superior in many ways. Instead, place items that complement the 
fighter's prized gear, such as augment crystals (see page 221), reus­
able items (such as the brute gauntlets on page 83), or low-priced 
one-shot items (such as oil of bless weapon). 
Not every magic item has to be a huge prize—plenty of fun, 
useful, and relatively inexpensive magic items can be found 
throughout this book. (In fact, this book has a higher concentra­
tion of such items than any other D&D resource to date.) Players 
would much rather find two interesting, useful 2,000-gp items than an unexciting 4,000-gp item, even though the net gain is the same. Similarly, most adventuring parties are happier to find four useful 2,000-gp items than a single useful 8,000-gp item—the former option is a lot easier to split up among the characters than the latter. 
USING ITEM LEVELS 

To assign items quickly using item levels, compare the Encounter Level to Table 6-8: Sample Treasures. The table includes three columns: low magic (appropriate for creatures that neither use nor are likely to collect magic items), half magic (appropriate for creatures that might use an item or two, or who often encounter magic-wielding prey), or all magic (for monsters with the capa­bility of easily turning gold into new items). Choose the column that best fits the type of hoard you want to create; when in doubt, use the middle column. 
If you want, you can replace a single magic item in the hoard with two weaker items. Beware of doing this too often—while it can provide variety in a treasure hoard, it also decreases the chance that a PC will find an item worth keeping and using. In a normal D&D campaign, items more than six levels below the PCs' level aren't usually very interesting. See Table 6-4: Item Level Equivalencies to see how to replace a single item with multiple, less powerful items. 
After you've determined the levels of the items in the hoard, go to the item tables in Appendix 2 to either randomly determine or handpick which items are present. 
RANDOM TREASURE 
Rolling random treasure values from Table 3-5: Treasure in the Dungeon Masters Guide can be fun, but it's also slow. The new random treasure tables in Appendix 2 collect all the items from this book and the Dungeon Master's Guide in one place, produce treasure that is more consistent from encounter to encounter, and make treasure generation much faster. 
BUYING AND SELLING 
MAGIC ITEMS 
A player points to an item published in this book or the Dungeon Masters Guide and asks, "Can I buy this?" The answer should usually be, "Yes." 
Magic items are an important part of every character's arse­nal of abilities. Most monsters and encounters assume that characters have a certain amount of gear to make the challenge appropriate. Furthermore, at many levels magic items represent a character's only option for customization; picking up a new magic ring or bag of potions is significantly more fun than allot­ting skill points. 
That's not to say that you can't apply occasional constraints to how and when magic items can be purchased, only that the constraints should be reasonable and shouldn't prevent players from equipping their characters fairly. For instance, a character seeking a magic item should be in a community whose gold piece limit is equal to or greater than the cost of the desired item (see Table 6-10: Community GP Limits). You might also choose to limit particular items for campaign story reasons—maybe the knowledge of how to create certain items is a closely guarded secret of a particular group, or even forgotten to all. 
In general, though, you should allow characters with sufficient funds to equip themselves as they desire. Even the most thought­fully constructed series of treasure hoards almost certainly fails 
TABLE 6-10:  COMMUNITY CP  LIMITS  
PC Purchase  Item  PC Sale  
Town Size  Limit  Level&  Limit**  
Thorp  40 gp  1/2  50 gp  
Hamlet  100 gp  1st  500 gp  
Village  200 gp  1st  5,000 gp  
Small town  800 gp  3rd  50,000 gp  
Large town  3,000 gp  7th  500,000 gp  
Small city  15,000 gp  14th  no limit  
Large city  40,000 gp  17th  no limit  
Metropolis  100,000 gp  21st  no limit  
Metropolis, planar*  600,000 gp  n/a  no limit  

* As described in Epic Level Handbook (population 100,000+). 
& See "Item Levels" on page 226. (While the item levels given don't precisely match the gp numbers given for each community, they're close enough for DMs who just want easy reference.) 
** This approximates the value derived by the formula presented under "Community Wealth and Population" on page 137 of the DMG. 
to provide all your players the items they want to maximize their enjoyment as they advance in level. 
WHERE TO BUY 
Large one-stop-shop "magic emporiums" are unrealistic and rare even in metropolis-sized cities. Instead, a community's total stock of magic items for sale is widely distributed among dusty alchemist's shops, bookstores, scribers' boutiques, pawn shops, elixir brewers, the residences of retired adventurers, the old mage on the corner, curio shops, and so on. 
Except when you want to advance an adventure or campaign story arc, abstract the purchase of a particular magic item such that, given a few hours of effort asking around and tracking down the sought-for item, a PC finds and purchases the item she seeks if its market price is equal to or less than the town's gp limit (given in the "PC Purchase Limit" column of Table 6-10: Community GP Limits). 
If time is an issue in the purchase of an item (for example, a pair of goggles of night is needed before nightfall), you might require the PC to attempt a Gather Information check to track the item down. Set the DC of the Gather Information check equal to the DC in the Aura entry of each item (which is equal to 15 + 1/2 the 
PSIONICS AND CRAFTING MAGIC ITEMS Many of the items in this book can also be created by a character with the appropriate psionic item creation feat. 
For the purpose of meeting item prerequisites, a character who has the Craft Psionic Arms and Armor feat is treated as having Craft Magic Arms and Armor. Likewise, a character who has Craft Universal Item meets the feat prerequisite for items that require Craft Wondrous Item. 
If an item includes a spell prerequisite, but the effect of the item does not directly implement that spell, then a psionic power of similar flavor can be substituted. If the item replicates a spell effect, then only the psionic version of that spell or a 
item's caster level). If the Gather Information check is success­ful, the PC finds the item within the time constraint. On a failed check, a PC can check again if time permits. 
WHERE TO SELL 
As noted on page 112 of the Player's Handbook, PCs can sell their loot for half its listed price. Just as described above under Where to Buy, PCs automatically find a buyer willing to take their item (for half its market price) within an hour or two of asking around (or less, if they know the local curio shop takes all such oddities). Remember that partially depleted wands or similarly charged items are worth only a percentage of this value (equal to the percent of charges remaining; for example, a wand with 10 charges remaining is worth only 20% of the normal value). 
Generally, an item can't be sold if half its listed price exceeds the community's total amount of ready cash (noted in the "PC Sale Limit" column of Table 6-10: Community GP Limits), but you can allow the PCs a Gather Information check as described above to find a buyer with funds sufficient to take it off the PCs' hands for one-fourth its market price (or the PC sale limit, whichever is lower). 
CRAFTING MAGIC ITEMS 
To create magic items, spellcasters use special feats. They invest time, money, and their own personal energy (in the form of experi­ence points) in an item's creation. This section reiterates the basics of magic item creation; for more details on creating the different types of magic items, see the information on item creation feats in Chapter 5 of the Player's Handbook, as well as the appropriate sections in Chapter 7 of the Dungeon Master's Guide. 
All items have prerequisites in their descriptions. These prereq­uisites must be met for the item to be created. Most of the time, they take the form of feats and spells that the item's creator must know, although access through another magic item or spellcaster is allowed. It's perfectly acceptable for two or more characters to work together to create a magic item, with each character sup­plying some of the prerequisites. (In all places where this text refers to the "creator" of a magic item, it includes all characters supplying at least one prerequisite for the item's creation.) The XP cost must always be paid by the character who supplies the item creation feat required by the item, no matter how many other characters cooperate in its creation. 
psionic power that replicates the same effect can be used to sat. isfy the prerequisite. For example, a character can create a helm of teleportation using psionic teleport as a power prerequisite, or energy burst as a power to create a necklace of fireballs. 
The prerequisites of some items, such as the eldritch blast required for gauntlets of eldritch energy, have no psionic equiva. lent, and so cannot be created by a psionic character without the aid of a character who does meet the requirement. 
If you are using the Psionics Is Different variant (EPH 65), then an item created by a psionic character using a psionic item creation feat would be a psionic item. The guidelines given above should be used to determine the psionic item's feat and power prerequisites. 
The creator also needs a fairly quiet, comfortable, and well-lit place in which to work. Any place suitable for preparing spells (see Preparing Wizard Spells, PH 177) is suitable for making items. Creating an item requires one day per 1,000 gp in the item's base price (rounding up), with a minimum of at least one day. Potions are an exception to this rule; they always take just one day to brew. The character must spend the gold and XP at the beginning of the construction process. 
The creator works for 8 hours each day. He cannot rush the process by working longer each day. But the days need not be consecutive, and the caster can use the rest of his time as he sees fit. A character who takes a break from item creation to adventure should keep track of how many days of work remain on the item currently being crafted. 
A character can work on only one item at a time. If a character starts work on a new item, all materials used and XP spent on the under-construction item are wasted. 
Magic supplies for items always cost half of the base price in gp and 1/25 of the base price in XP. For many items, the market price equals the base price. For example, a cloak of elvenkind has a market price (and base price) of 2,500 gp. Making one costs 1,250 gp in raw materials plus 100 XP. Armor, shields, weapons, and items with a value independent of their magically enhanced properties add their item cost to the market price. The item cost does not influence the base price (which determines the cost of magic supplies and the experience point cost), but it does increase the final market price. 
IMPROVING MAGIC ITEMS 
You can add new magical abilities to a magic item with virtually no restrictions. The cost and prerequisites to do this are the same as if the item was not magical. Thus, a +1 longsword can be made into a +2 vorpal longsword, with the cost to create it being equal to that of a +2 vorpal longsword minus the cost of a +1 longsword 
BEHIND THE CURTAIN: 
PRICING MAGIC ITEMS 

This book intentionally does not present any detailed rules on pricing new magic items that you create. The Dungeon Master's Guide provides various methods of estimating (and don't un. derestimate the importance of that word in this task) gold piece values for simple magic items you design, but the very nature of magic item design in D&D doesn't lend itself to hard-and­fast rules for setting these prices. Any two items that replicate different spells can, and probably should, vary dramatically in price, even if the spell level and caster level are identical. (If that seems hard to believe, compare the value of a ring of invisibility with an item that allowed you to cast make whole at will.) On top of that, layer all the other interesting variations that magic items can have—alternative activation times, limited uses per day, situational restrictions on use, and so forth—and even the most diligently designed "system" of price determination can't help but fall apart. 
The magic item prices in this book aren't the result of any intricate formulas or detailed equations. Instead, each price is set individually by comparing the item (and more important, its likely perceived value to player characters) to other items com. monly used by PCs. That last part bears emphasizing again: It 
(98,315 - 2,315 = 96,000 gp). The character improving the magic item must meet the same prerequisites as if he were creating the item from scratch. 
It's recommended that you add new magical abilities only to items that occupy the same body slot as the added effect would normally occupy. For example, it's okay to add the power of boots of striding and springing to slippers of spider climbing, since both of those items occupy the same body slot. However, adding the power of boots of striding and springing to a cloak of resistance doesn't make much sense. This isn't a hard and fast rule, but it's a reasonable guide that helps maintain some level of flavor and verisimilitude in the magic item system. 
In most cases, if the item is one that occupies a body slot, the cost of adding any additional ability to that item is 1-1/2 times the value of the added power (or the value of the added power plus l/2 the value of the existing item, if the added power normally costs more than the existing item). For example, if a character adds the power to confer featherfall to her ring of jumping, the cost of adding this ability is 3,300 gp, the same as for creating a ring of feather falling x 1-1/2. On the other hand, if she were adding the power of a ring of force shield to that ring of jumping, the cost of adding the ability would be 9,750 gp (8,500 gp for the ring of force shield plus half of 2,500 gp, the price of a ring of jumping). 
This added cost doesn't necessarily apply when adding some common effects to existing items; see below. 
Adding Common Item Effects to Existing Items 
One of the most frustrating roadblocks to using interesting, unusual magic items is that they take up body slots that you need for an ability-boosting item (such as gauntlets of ogre power), a ring of protection, or another must-have item. To address this issue, Magic Item Compendium presents official rules for adding common item effects to existing magic items. 

doesn't do much good to say that a new item is worth about the same as a magnificent cape of divine eminence if the latter item is priced so exorbitantly that characters aren't interested in buying or keeping it. Instead, compare new items to those that char. acters are already choosing and using—magic weapons and armor, rings of protection, cloaks of resistance, rings of invisibility, boots of striding and springing, and of course, the various abil. ity-score boosters. If you want your characters to find a newly designed magic item compelling, make sure that it can compete with the obvious choice they would have otherwise made. 
If you compare the items in this book to those in other books (or particularly, with previously published versions of the same items in other books), you might be shocked at the price differ. ences. Many of the items reproduced in this book have had their prices shaved or even slashed dramatically. Sometimes, that's because we also reduced the overall effect of the item (so that it is available to a broader range of characters), but often the item is just as good as it always was but now costs 10%, 25%, or 50% less than it did before. That's all just part of the same process of comparing new items to older, more popular items. In a way, it's simple supply and demand—if characters weren't buying sandals of sprinting, that likely means that they were just too expensive for their effect. 
AC, +1 deflection bonus 
AC, +1 to +2 deflection bonus 
AC, +2 to +3 deflection bonus 
AC, +3 to +4 deflection bonus 
AC, +4 to +5 deflection bonus 
AC, +1 armor bonus 

2
AC, +1 to +2 armor bonus 
AC, +2 to +3 armor bonus 2 

2
AC, +3 to +4 armor bonus 
AC, +4 to +5 armor bonus 2 

2
AC, +5 to +6 armor bonus 
AC, +6 to +7 armor bonus 2 

2
AC, +7 to +8 armor bonus 
2

AC, +1 enhancement bonus to natural armor AC, +1 to +2 enhancement bonus to natural armor AC, +2 to +3 enhancement bonus to natural armor AC, +3 to +4 enhancement bonus to natural armor AC, +4 to +5 enhancement bonus to natural armor Charisma, +2 enhancement bonus 
Charisma, +2 to +4 enhancement bonus 
Charisma, +4 to +6 enhancement bonus 
Constitution, +2 enhancement bonus 
Constitution, +2 to +4 enhancement bonus 
Constitution, +4 to +6 enhancement bonus 
Dexterity, +2 enhancement bonus 

Dexterity, +2 to +4 enhancement bonus 
Dexterity, +4 to +6 enhancement bonus 
Intelligence, +2 enhancement bonus 
Intelligence, +2 to +4 enhancement bonus 
Intelligence, +4 to +6 enhancement bonus 
Strength, +2 enhancement bonus 
Strength, +2 to +4 enhancement bonus 
Strength, +4 to +6 enhancement bonus 
Wisdom, +2 enhancement bonus 
Wisdom, +2 to +4 enhancement bonus 
Wisdom, +4 to +6 enhancement bonus 
Resistance to energy, 5 
Resistance to energy, 5 to 10 
Resistance to energy, 10 to 20 
Resistance to energy, 20 to 30 
Saving throws,+1 resistance bonus 
Saving throws, +1 to +2 resistance bonus 
Saving throws, +2 to +3 resistance bonus 
Saving throws, +3 to +4 resistance bonus 
Saving throws, +4 to +5 resistance bonus 


TABLE 6-11: ADDING/IMPROVING COMMON ITEMEffect 

 EFFECTS  
Body Slot*  Prerequisites  
B, R,S  shield 1 of faith  
B, R,S  shield  of  faith  
B, R, S  shield  of  faith  
B, R, S  shield  of  faith  
B, R, S  shield  of  faith  
A, B  mage  armor  
A, B  mage  armor  
A, B  mage  armor  
A, B  mage  armor  
A, B  mage  armor  
A, B  mage  armor  
A, B  mage  armor  
A, B  mage  armor  
B,To  barkskin  
B, To  barkskin  
B, To  barkskin  
B,To  barkskin  
B, To  barkskin  
Hd,S  eagle's  splendor  
Hd, S  eagle's  splendor  
Hd,S  eagle's  splendor  
Th, To, W  bear's  endurance  
Th, To, W  bear's  endurance  
Th, To, W  bear's  endurance  
A, Ft, Ha  cat's  grace  
A, Ft, Ha  cat's  grace  
A, Ft, Ha  cat's  grace  
Fa, Hd  fox's  cunning  
Fa, Hd  fox's  cunning  
Fa, Hd  fox's  cunning  
A, Ha, W  bull's  strength  
A, Ha, W  bull's  strength  
A, Ha, W  bull's  strength  
Hd,Th  owl's  wisdom  
Hd,Th  owl's  wisdom  
Hd,Th  owl's  wisdom  
B, R, S, To  resist  energy  
B, R, S, To  resist  energy  
B, R, S, To  resist  energy  
B, R, S, To  resist  energy  
S, To  resistance,  CL 3 x bonus  
S,To  resistance,  CL 3 x bonus  
S, To  resistance,  CL 3 x bonus  
S,To  resistance,  CL 3 x bonus  
S, To  resistance,  CL 3 x bonus  

Price 
2,000 gp 6,000 gp 10,000 gp 14,000 gp 18,000 gp 1,000 gp 3,000 gp 5,000 gp 7,000 gp 9,000 gp 11,000 gp 13,000 gp 15,000 gp 2,000 gp 6,000 gp 10,000 gp 14,000 gp 18,000 gp 4,000 gp 12,000 gp 20,000 gp 4,000 gp 12,000 gp 20,000 gp 4,000 gp 12,000 gp 20,000 gp 4,000 gp 12,000 gp 20,000 gp 4,000 gp 12,000 gp 20,000 gp 4,000 gp 12,000 gp 20,000 gp 4,000 gp 8,000 gp 16,000 gp 16,000 gp 1,000 gp 3,000 gp 5,000 gp 7,000 gp 9,000 gp 

* A = Arms; B = Body; Fa = Face; Ft = Feet; Ha = Hands; Hd = Head; R = Ring; S = Shoulders; Th = Throat; To = Torso; W = Waist. 1 The character performing the crafting must also have the item creation feat appropriate for the item to which the effect is 
added. 2 Cannot be added to any item that already provides a (nonmagical) armor or shield bonus to AC. 
Table 6-11: Adding/Improving Common Item Effects presents a list of common item effects, from ability score enhancement bonuses to energy resistance, and the price to add that effect to an item. 
The table also indicates the appropriate body slot (or slots) for each effect. For example, you can add an enhancement bonus to Charisma only to an item that occupies the head or shoulders body slot (such as a headband or cloak). A DM can choose to deviate from this guideline, but should avoid nonsensical combinations (such as gloves that provide a bonus to Wisdom). 
Adding one of these effects to an existing item works much like creating an item from scratch. The crafting character must meet the given prerequisites, must expend gold equal to one-half the price and XP equal to 1/25 the price, and must spend 1 day per 1,000 gp of the price. 
Example: Lidda has a pair of boots of striding and springing, and she wants to add a Dexterity bonus (rather than buying gloves of Dexterity). Her friend Mialee isn't around, so Lidda must track down a stranger to do the work. She pays the wizard 4,000 gp, and four days later her boots now also grant her a +2 enhancement bonus to Dexterity. When Lidda later decides to improve the bonus to +4, she manages to talk Mialee (who has the Craft Wondrous Item feat and knows the cat's grace spell) into performing the work. After spending eight 8-hour days of work and expending 6,000 gp of components (likely supplied by Lidda) and 480 XP, Mialee succeeds in increas­ing the +2 enhancement bonus to Dexterity to +4. 
Appendix 1: Magic Items by Price 

This appendix contains all the magic items from Magic Item Compendium and the Dungeon Master's Guide arranged by body slot and price. 
These tables serve as shopping lists—a way to find magic items that fall within your budget. The tables are in the same general order as the body of this book, but clothing is separated by body slot. Item set pieces are integrated into the tables that correspond to their body slots. 
Each entry contains the following information: 
Page: The page number where the item can be found is indi­cated here, along with a letter code associated with the book it is in. Most entries begin either with "M" to indicate Magic Item Compendium or "D" for Dungeon Master's Guide. Items that use individual spells (such as wands, scrolls, and potions) use "P" to reference spell descriptions in the Player's Handbook. 
Item Name: Items that have the same price are presented alphabetically within the price range. Items with greater and lesser 
ARMOR PROPERTIES Page Item Name 
M6 Agility 
M15 Stamina 
M9 Blueshine 
M10 Easy travel 
M9 Called 
M9 Commander 
D219 Glamered 
M9 Daylight 
M13 Mindarmor 
M6 Acidic 
M6 Anchoring 
M6 Anchoring, greater 
M9  Blurring  s  
M10  Death ward  
M10  Displacement  
M10  Dragondodger  

M10 Ectoplasmic feedback M11 Energy defense 
s

D219 Fortification, light 
M11 Ghost ward 
M13 Mobility 
M13 Nimbleness 
M14 Soulbound 
M15 Styptic 
M15 Twilight 
M7 Balance 
D219 Shadow 
D219 Silent moves 
D219 Slick 
M6 Agility, improved 
S

M9 Buoyant 
M12 Landing 
M15 Stamina, improved 
s

M13 Quickness 
M11 Gilled 
M12 Linked 
M14 Speed 
M6 Agility, greater 
s

M12 Healing M15 Stamina, greater 
s 

versions, properties with improved and greater versions, and similar items are listed according to the second word in the name. Effect: A summary of the item's effect or benefit can be found here; refer to the item's description for specifics. 
Market Price: The typical purchase price for this item. Note that it might not always be possible to buy the item at this price— check with your DM. 
The prices for armor, shields, and weapons that have only an enhancement bonus are represented by a gp amount followed by a plus sign. In these cases, the plus sign stands for "in addition to the cost of the armor, shield, or weapon itself." The given gp amount includes the cost of the masterwork quality. 
Synergy properties, relics, and item set pieces are indicated with superscripts: Synergy with S, relics with R, and set pieces with SP. 
ITEM LISTS 
Effect 

+1 on Reflex saves +1 on Fortitude saves 
Immune to acid damage and rust, +2 on Hide, metal armor only Carry medium load as light load, walk 10 hours a day with no Con check Call armor to you on command +2 on Diplomacy, allies within 30 ft. gain +1 on Will saves and -5 on Hide Can change to look like normal clothing, on command Daylight for 30 minutes/day 3/day gain +5 on Will saves against mind-affecting spells and abilities Deals 2d4 points of acid damage/round on contact +5 bonus on checks to resist being moved +10 bonus on checks to resist being moved 3/day blur for 5 rounds 1/day ignore death effect or negative energy effect 1/day displacement for 5 rounds Evasion ability against breath weapons, light armor only ld6 damage to incorporeal creatures 3/day 1d6+10 energy damage to attacker 25% chance to negate criticals, sneak attacks Armor's enhancement bonus applies against touch attacks Gain benefit of Mobility feat, light armor only Maximum Dex bonus 1 higher, armor check penalty 2 less Stores up to 2 points of essentia for enhancement bonuses Stabilized if dying, resistance to blood-draining attacks Arcane spell failure chance reduced by 10% +5 competence bonus on Balance +5 on Hide +5 on Move Silently +5 on Escape Artist +3 on Reflex saves +2 on Swim, no armor check penalty on Swim checks Ignore first 60 ft. of fall damage, always land on feet +3 on Fortitude saves +5 ft. to land speed Water-breathing wearer breathes and speaks freely in air 3/day telepathic bond with other linked item wearers for 1 hour 3/day haste for 1 round +5 on Reflex saves 1/day healed of 2d8+5 damage +5 on Fortitude saves 
Market Price 
+500 gp 
+500 gp +1,500 gp +1,500 gp +2,000 gp +2,000 gp +2,700 gp +3,000 gp +3,000 gp 
+1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +3,750 gp +3,750 gp +3,750 gp +3,750 gp +4,000 gp +4,000 gp +4,000 gp +4,000 gp +5,000 gp +6,000 gp +6,000 gp +6,000 gp +8,000 gp +8,000 gp +8,000 gp 

ARMOR PROPERTIES (cont.) 
Page  Item Name  Effect  Market Price  
M7  Axeblock  Damage reduction 5/bludgeoning or piercing  +2 bonus  
M7  Beastskin  Armor effective in wild shape  +2 bonus  
M9  Blurring, greater  As blur spell for 10 minutes, at will  +2 bonus  
M11  sEnergy immunity  1/day gain immunity to energy damage of choice for 1 minute  +2 bonus  
M12  Hammerblock  Damage reduction 5/piercing or slashing  +2 bonus  
M14  Retaliation  Deals damage when you are attacked  +2 bonus  
M14  Soulbound, greater  Stores up to 4 points of essentia for enhancement bonuses  +2 bonus  
M14  Spearblock  s  Damage reduction 5/bludgeoning or slashing  +2 bonus  
D219  Spell resistance (13)  Spell resistance 13  +2 bonus  
M15  Woodwalk  3/day tree stride for 1 round  +9,000 gp  
M12  Magic-eating  Heal 1 point per spell level if you save against a spell  +10,000 gp  
M7  Balance, improved  +10 competence bonus on Balance  +11,250 gp  
M10  Deepdweller  s  Breathe and function in deep water, see twice as far underwater  +12,000 gp  
M7  Bane blind  Imperceptible to specified creature type  +15,000 gp  
M9  Blinking  1/day blink  +15,000 gp  
M11  Fearsome  3/day panics creatures within 20 ft. for 1 round  +15,000 gp  
D219  Shadow, improved  +10 on Hide  +15,000 gp  
D219  Silent moves, improved  +10 on Move Silently  +15,000 gp  
D219  Slick, improved  +10 on Escape Artist  +15,000 gp  
D219  Fortification, moderate  75% chance to negate critical hits, sneak attacks  +3 bonus  
D219  Ghost touch  Effective against, can be used by incorporeal creatures  +3 bonus  
D219  Invulnerability  DR 5/magic  +3 bonus  
M14  Roaring  Reflects nonmagic projectiles, +4 on initiative  +3 bonus  
D219  Spell resistance (15)  Spell resistance 15  +3 bonus  
M15  Vanishing  2/day completely undetectable for up to 3 minutes  +3 bonus  
D219  Wild  Bonuses apply while in wild shape  +3 bonus  
D217  Acid resistance  Absorbs 10 points of acid damage per attack  +18,000 gp  
D218  Cold resistance  Absorbs 10 points of cold damage per attack  +18,000 gp  
D218  Electricity resistance  Absorbs 10 points of electricity damage per attack  +18,000 gp  
D218  Fire resistance  Absorbs 10 points of fire damage per attack  +18,000 gp  
D219  Sonic resistance  Absorbs 10 points of sonic damage per attack  +18,000 gp  
M7  Balance, greater  +15 competence bonus on Balance  +18,750 gp  
M6  Aporter  s  Transports you up to 800 ft. as dimension door  +20,000 gp  
M12  Healing, greater  2/day healed of 3d8+15 damage  +24,000 gp  
M13  Radiant  S  Resistance 10 against all energy attacks; radiates light  +4 bonus  
D219  Spell resistance (17)  Spell resistance 17  +4 bonus  
M13  Menacing  3/day panics one creature within 30 ft. for 5 rounds  +30,000 gp  
D219  Shadow, greater  +15 on Hide  +33,750 gp  
D219  Silent moves, greater  +15 on Move Silently  +33,750 gp  
D219  Slick, greater  +15 on Escape Artist  +33,750 gp  
D219  Fortification, heavy  Always negates critical hits, sneak attacks  +5 bonus  
M11  Freedom  Continual freedom of movement  +5 bonus  
D219  Spell resistance (19)  Spell resistance 19  +5 bonus  
M12  Masking  Continual nondetection  +40,000 gp  
D217  Acid resistance, improved  Absorbs 20 points of acid damage per attack  +42,000 gp  
D218  Cold resistance, improved  Absorbs 20 points of cold damage per attack  +42,000 gp  
D218  Electricity resistance, improved  Absorbs 20 points of electricity damage per attack  +42,000 gp  
D219  Fire resistance, improved  Absorbs 20 points of fire damage per attack  +42,000 gp  
D219  Sonic resistance, improved  Absorbs 20 points of sonic damage per attack  +42,000 gp  
D218  Etherealness  1/day can become ethereal  +49,000 gp  
D219  Undead controlling  Control up to 26 HD of undead per day  +49,000 gp  
D218  Acid resistance, greater  Absorbs 30 points of acid damage per attack  +66,000 gp  
D218  Cold resistance, greater  Absorbs 30 points of cold damage per attack  +66,000 gp  
D218  Electricity resistance, greater  Absorbs 30 points of electricity damage per attack  +66,000 gp  
D219  Fire resistance, greater  Absorbs 30 points of fire damage per attack  +66,000 gp  
D219  Sonic resistance, greater  Absorbs 30 points of sonic damage per attack  +66,000 gp  
SHIELD  PROPERTIES  
Page  Item Name  Effect  Market Price  
M9  Called  Call shield to you on command  +2,000 gp  
M9  Commander  +2 on Diplomacy, allies within 30 ft. gain +1 on Will saves and -5 on Hide  +2,000 gp  
M12  Heartening  2/day gain 5 temporary hit points for 5 minutes  +2,000 gp  
M9  Daylight  Daylight for 30 minutes/day  +3,000 gp  
M13  Mindarmor  3/day gain +3 on Will saves against mind-affecting spells and abilities  +3,000 gp  
M6  Acidic  Deals 2d4 points of acid damage/round on contact  +1 bonus  

SHIELD PROPERTIES (cont). 
Effect 

+5 on checks to resist being moved +10 on checks to resist being moved Attracts, gives +1 bonus against projectiles and thrown weapons Deals bashing damage as a weapon of two size categories larger 2/day blinds all but you 1/day ignore death effect or negative energy effect 3/day ld6+10 energy damage to attacker 25% chance to negate critical hits, sneak attacks Shield's enhancement bonus applies against touch attacks Shield can be thrown as a weapon, returns to you; not tower shield Stores up to 2 points of essentia for enhancement bonuses Changes size on command 3/day telepathic bond with other linked item wearers for 1 hour 1/day draw 3 power points from shield 3/day haste for 1 round Floats within 2 ft. of you on command Protects you as Deflect Arrows feat Damage reduction 5/bludgeoning and piercing 1/day wall of ectoplasm 1/day gain immunity to energy damage of choice for 1 minute Damage reduction 5/piercing and slashing Stores up to 4 points of essentia for enhancement bonuses Damage reduction 5/bludgeoning and slashing Spell resistance 13 Enemies within 30 ft. can't approach 3/day panics creatures within 20 ft. Effective against, can be used by incorporeal creatures 75% chance to negate critical hits, sneak attacks Spell resistance 15 2/day completely undetectable for up to 3 minutes Bonuses apply while in wild shape Absorbs 10 points of acid damage per attack Absorbs 10 points of cold damage per attack Absorbs 10 points of electricity damage per attack Absorbs 10 points of fire damage per attack Absorbs 10 points of sonic damage per attack Transports you up to 800 ft. as dimension door Spell resistance 17 Always negates critical hits, sneak attacks 1/day reflect a spell as spell turning Spell resistance 19 1/day ignore all attacks, spells, and powers for 1 round Absorbs 20 points of acid damage per attack Absorbs 20 points of cold damage per attack Absorbs 20 points of electricity damage per attack Absorbs 20 points of fire damage per attack Absorbs 20 points of sonic damage per attack Control up to 26 HD of undead per day Absorbs 30 points of acid damage per attack Absorbs 30 points of cold damage per attack Absorbs 30 points of electricity damage per attack Absorbs 30 points of fire damage per attack Absorbs 30 points of sonic damage per attack 
Page  Item Name  Effect  
P126  Armor/shield, masterwork  -1 to armor check penalty  
D221  Darkwood buckler  Light wooden shield has no armor check penalty  
D221  Darkwood shield  Heavy wooden shield has no armor check penalty  
D221  Mithral heavy shield  Mithral heavy shield has 5% arcane spell failure and no armor check penalty  
D220  Mithral shirt  Mithral chain shirt is lightweight  
D216  +1 armor/shield  +1 enhancement bonus to AC, -1 to armor check penalty  
M21  Shield of mercy  +1 heavy steel shield, expend smite attempts to heal damage  
D221  Caster's shield  +1 light wooden shield, can have a spell scribed on it (as a scroll)  
D220  Dragonhide plate  Identical to masterwork full plate, but can be worn by druids  

Market Price 
+1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +6,000 gp +6,000 gp +6,000 gp +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +13,000 gp +15,000 gp +3 bonus +3 bonus +3 bonus +3 bonus +3 bonus +18,000 gp +18,000 gp +18,000 gp +18,000 gp +18,000 gp +20,000 gp +4 bonus +5 bonus +5 bonus +5 bonus +5 bonus 
+42,000 gp +42,000 gp +42,000 gp +42,000 gp +42,000 gp +49,000 gp +66,000 gp +66,000 gp +66,000 gp +66,000 gp +66,000 gp 
Market Price (gp) 150+ 215 257 1,020 1,100 1,150+ 2,170 3,153 3,300 

Page 
M6 M6 D218 D218 D218 M10 M11 D219 M11 M13 M14 M15 M12 M12 M14 D218 D218 M7 M10 M11 M12 M14 M14 D219 M7 M11 D219 D219 D219 M15 D219 D217 D218 D218 D218 D219 M6 D219 D219 D219 D219 M15 D217 D218 D218 D219 D219 D219 D218 D218 D218 D219 D219 
Item Name 
Anchoring Anchoring, greater 
s

Arrow catching Bashing Blinding Death ward Energy defense 
s

Fortification, light Ghost ward Ranged Soulbound Variable Linked Manifester Speed Animated Arrow deflection Axeblock Ectoplasmic wall Energy immunity Hammerblock Soulbound, greater 
s

Spearblock Spell resistance (13) Averter Fearsome Ghost touch Fortification, moderate Spell resistance (15) Vanishing Wild Acid resistance Cold resistance Electricity resistance Fire resistance Sonic resistance Aporter Spell resistance (17) Fortification, heavy Reflecting Spell resistance (19) Time buttress Acid resistance, improved Cold resistance, improved Electricity resistance, improved Fire resistance, improved Sonic resistance, improved Undead controlling Acid resistance, greater Cold resistance, greater Electricity resistance, greater Fire resistance, greater Sonic resistance, greater 
SPECIFIC ARMOR AND SHIELDS 
SPECIFIC ARMOR AND SHIELDS (cont.) 
Page  Item Name  Effect Market Price (gp)  
M20  Mithralmist shirt  +1 mithral shirt, 7/day concealment against attack for 1 minute 3,460  
D220  Elven chain  Mithral chainmail is considered light armor and has lower penalties 4,150  
D216  +2 armor/shield  Armor or shield with a bonus equivalent to +2 4,150+  
M16  Barricade buckler  +1 buckler, 3/day turns into 5 ft. by 5 ft. vertical wall of force for 1 minute 4,165  
M22  Shield of the severed hand  Gruumsh: +2 heavy wooden shield plus relic powers 4,657  
R  
D220  Rhino hide  +2 hide, deals extra 2d6 damage on successful charge attacks 5,165  
M21  Shield of the resolute  Moradin: +1 light fortification heavy mithral shield plus relic powers 5,520  
D221  R Spined shield  +1 heavy steel shield, 3/day fire a spine 5,580  
M196  Shield of vigor  +1 heavy steel shield, 1/day fast healing 5 for 3 rounds (five virtues) 6,170  
S P  
M24  Wrapped tower  +1 tower shield, 1/day paralyze enemy while using shield to gain total cover 6,180  
M20  Millennial chainmail  Corellon Larethian: +1 mithral chainmail plus relic powers 8,150  
R  
M20  Owlfeather armor  +1 leather, various owl-themed bonuses and effects 8,160  
D216  +3 armor/shield  Armor or shield with a bonus equivalent to +3 9,150+  
M23  Wight hide shield  +1 light steel shield, shield bash with negative level effect 9,159  
D221  Lion's shield  +2 heavy steel shield, 3/day lion's head can attack 9,170  
M18  Foxhide armor  +1 leather, various fox-themed bonuses and effects 10,160  
M18  Ghoul shell armor  +1 leather, 3/day ghoul touch 10,160  
D219  Adamantine breastplate  Gives DR 2/— 10,200  
M20  Serpent armor  +1 leather, +1 on Reflex saving throws, gain benefit of Combat Reflexes feat 12,160  
M19  Hawkfeather armor  +1 studded leather, various hawk-themed bonuses and effects 12,175  
M19  Kyton armor  +1 mithral shirt, chains on armor can be activated as weapons 13,100  
M192  Breastplate of terror  +1 adamantine breastplate, 1/day frighten foe [armor of the watching master) 13,200  
S P  
M17  Electric eel hide  +1 buoyant slick hide, 3/day various electricity damage effects for 5 rounds 14,165  
M23  Wight armor  +1 shadow studded leather, 3/day hide from undead, 60 ft. darkvision 14,175  
M16  Bearskin armor  +1 breastplate, various bear-themed bonuses and effects 14,350  
D216  +4 armor/shield  Armor or shield with a bonus equivalent to +4 16,150+  
M24  Zombie hide armor  +1 hide, damage reduction 5/slashing 16,165  
D220  Dwarven plate  Adamantine full plate gives DR 3/— 16,500  
M16  Armor of the fallen leaves  Obad-Hai: +1 wild breastplate plus relic powers 17,350  
R  
M22  Tigerskin armor  +1 mithral shirt, various tiger-themed bonuses and effects 17,100  
D221  Winged shield  +3 heavy wooden shield, 1/day can fly at speed of 60 ft., carrying you 17,257  
M17  Dragonrider armor  +1 dragonhide full plate, various dragon-themed bonuses and effects 18,300  
D220  Banded mail of luck  +3 banded mail, 1/week can require that an attack roll against you be rerolled 18,900  
M23  Vampire hide armor  +1 studded leather, damage reduction 5/silver or magic 36,175  
M18  Exoskeleton armor  +1 breastplate, DR 5/bludgeoning 21,350  
D220  Celestial armor  +3 chainmail, lighter than normal, 1/day fly 22,400  
M20  Overhead shield  +1 heavy steel shield, 1/day 20-ft.-radius horizontal wall of force for 10 rounds 24,170  
D220  Plate armor of the deep  +1 full plate, no Swim penalty, breathe underwater, speak with water-breathing creatures 24,650  
D220  Breastplate of command  +2 breastplate, +2 on Cha checks, +2 bonus to Leadership score 25,400  
D220  Mithral full plate of speed  +1 mithral full plate, 10 rounds/day haste effect 26,500  
M17  Earthplate armor  +1 full plate, 1/day stoneskin, tremorsense 5 ft., both up to 90 minutes 41,650  
D221  Absorbing shield  +1 heavy steel shield, once per two days can disintegrate an object it touches 50,170  
D220  Demon armor  +4 full plate, claw attacks with contagion effect 52,260  

ARMO R  AN D SHIELD  CRYSTALS  
Page  Item  Name  Effect  Market Price (gp)  
M25  Crystal of lifekeeping, least  +1 on saves against energy drain attacks, inflict wounds, and death  effects  200  
M24  Crystal of adamant armor, least  +2 to hardness of armor or shield  300  
M25  Crystal of aquatic action, least  No armor check penalty on Swim  250  
M26  Crystal of stamina, least  +1 on saves against disease and poison  300  
M26  Crystal of screening, least  -2 on touch attacks made against you by incorporeal creatures  400  
M24  Clasp of energy protection, least  Resistance 5 to specific energy type, prevents up to 25 damage per day  500  
M24  Crystal of adaptation, least  Protected as endure  elements  500  
M25  Crystal of arrow deflection, least  +2 to AC against ranged attacks  500  
M25  Crystal of bent sight  Avert eyes from creature with gaze attack without suffering attack miss chance  500  
M25  Crystal of glancing blows, least  +2 on grapple checks to prevent a grapple from being initiated  500  
M25  Crystal of mind cloaking, least  +1 on saves against mind-affecting  effects  500  
M26  Iron ward diamond, least  DR 1/— , prevents up to 10 damage per day  500  
M26  Restful crystal  Sleep in armor without becoming fatigued  500  
M26  Rubicund frenzy, least  +1 on weapon damage rolls and saves against fear when at half or fewer hp  500  
M26  Crystal of stamina, lesser  +3 on saves against disease and poison  900  
M25  Crystal of aquatic action, lesser  No armor check penalty on Swim; swim speed equal to half land speed  1,000  
M25  Crystal of lifekeeping, lesser  +3 on saves against energy drain attacks, inflict  spells, and death  effects  1,000  
M26  Crystal of screening, lesser  -5 on touch attacks made against you by incorporeal  creatures  1,000  
M24  Crystal of adamant armor, lesser  +5 to hardness of armor or shield  1,400  
M24  Clasp of energy protection, lesser  Resistance 10 to specific energy type, prevents up to 50 damage per day  1,500  

ARMOR AND SHIELD CRYSTALS (cont.) 
Page Item Name Effect Market Price (gp) 
M24 Crystal of adaptation, lesser M26 Iron ward diamond, lesser M26 Rubicund frenzy, lesser M25 Crystal of arrow deflection, lesser M26 Crystal of stamina, greater M24 Clasp of energy protection, greater M24 Crystal of adaptation, greater 
M25 Crystal of aquatic action, 
greater M25 Crystal of glancing blows, lesser M26 Crystal of screening, greater M24 Crystal of adamant armor, greater M195 Crystal of alacrity 
SP 

M25 Crystal of mind cloaking, lesser M25 Crystal of arrow deflection, greater M25 Crystal of glancing blows, greater M25 Crystal of lifekeeping, greater 
M26 Rubicund frenzy, greater M26 Iron ward diamond, greater M25 Crystal of mind cloaking, greater 
MELEE WEAPON PROPERTIES Page Item Name 
M36 Illuminating M28 Aquatic M31 Changeling 
M34 Everbright M36 Hideaway M43 Shadowstrike M43 Sizing M43 Slow burst M28 Acidic burst 
s

D224 Bane M29 Berserker M29 Binding M29 Blessed M29 Bloodfeeding M29 Bloodstone M30 Brash M30 Brutal surge M31 Chargebreaker M31 Charging M31 Corrosive M32 Deadly precision D224 Defending M32 Defensive surge 
M32 Dessicating M32 Dessicating burst 
s

M32 Dislocator M33 Dislocator, great 
s

M33 Dispelling M33 Dispelling, greater 
s

M33 Divine wrath M33 Dragondoom M34 Eager M34 Energy surge 
s

M35 Fiercebane 
S

D224 Flaming D224 Frost M35 Ghost strike 
s

D224 Ghost touch 
M35 Harmonizing 

Protected as endure elements; immune to alignment traits of planes DR 3/—, prevents up to 30 damage per day +3 on weapon damage rolls and saves against fear when at half or fewer hp +5 to AC against ranged attacks +5 on saves against disease and poison; reroll 1 such failed save Resistance 15 to specific energy type, prevents up to 75 damage per day Protected as endure elements; immune to alignment and positive/negative traits of planes No armor check penalty on Swim; swim speed equal to half land speed; breathe and move freely underwater +5 on grapple checks to prevent a grapple from being initiated -10 on touch attacks made against you by incorporeal creatures +10 to hardness of armor or shield +5 ft. morale bonus to speed (five virtues) +3 on saves against mind-affecting spells and abilities +5 to AC against ranged attacks; deflect 1 ranged attack/round +10 on grapple checks to prevent a grapple from being initiated +5 on saves against energy drain attacks, inflict spells, and death effects; reroll 1 such failed save +5 on weapon damage rolls and saves against fear when at half or fewer hp DR 5/—, prevents up to 50 damage per day +5 on saves against mind-affecting effects; reroll 1 such failed save 
Effect 

Bright illumination to 20 ft., shadowy illumination to 40 ft. Freedom of movement underwater Change length and appearance of spear at will; spears, shortspears, and longspears only 2/day blinding effect, weapon is immune to acid damage and rusting Collapses to two size categories smaller, easy to conceal 1/day add 5 ft. to reach and deny target Dex bonus to AC Changes size category on command On critical hit, target slowed for 3 rounds As corrosive, extra acid damage on critical hit +2 bonus, +2d6 damage against one type of creature +1d8 damage while raging; two-handed weapons only 2/day dimensional anchor on target for 10 minutes Gains some bless weapon traits Stores blood points that can be released for extra damage Stores and empowers one vampiric touch spell Rage lasts for 3 additional rounds, immune to fear effects 1 + Con bonus times per day, make powerful bull rush attack Charging targets knocked prone +2d6 damage on charge attacks while mounted +1d6 acid damage +1d6 damage on sneak attack or sudden strike Add enhancement bonus to AC 1 + Int bonus times per day, +2 to AC for one turn if using Combat Expertise or fighting defensively +1d4 damage, +1d8 damage to plants and water elementals As desiccating, extra desiccating damage on critical hit 3/day struck target teleported up to 10 ft. 3/day struck target teleported up to 30 ft. 3/day struck target subject to dispel magic 3/day struck target subject to greater dispel magic Expend turn undead use to imbue weapon with divine power 3/day deliver smite attack against creature of dragon type Various speed-themed bonuses As prerequisite property, 1 + Con bonus times/day, +3d6 energy damage As bane, extra benefits against bane type or subtype +1d6 fire damage +1d6 cold damage As ghost touch, can deal sneak attacks and critical hits to undead Deals damage normally to/can be used by incorporeal creatures Various bonuses to bardic music 
1,500 2,000 2,000 2,500 2,700 3,000 3,000 
3,000 
3,000 3,000 3,400 3,500 4,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 
6,000 8,000 10,000 
Market Price +500 gp +2,000 gp +2,000 gp 
+2,000 gp +2,000 gp +5,000 gp +5,000 gp +5,000 gp +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus 
+1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus 

MELEE WEAPON PROPERTIES (cont.) 
Page 
M36 M36 M36 M36 M37 M37 M38 D225 D225 M38 M38 M38 M38 D225 D225 M39 M39 M39 M39 M40 M40 M40 M41 M41 M42 M42 M42 M42 M42 M42 M43 M43 D225 M43 M44 M44 D225 M44 M44 M44 M44 M44 M44 D226 D225 M45 M45 D225 M46 M46 M46 M45 M38 D223 M28 M28 D223 M28 M29 M29 M31 M31 M32 D224 M33 
Item Name 
Heavenly burst Holy surge Hunting s Illusion bane Impact Impaling Incorporeal binding Keen s Ki focus Knockback Lucky Magebane Maiming Merciful Mighty cleaving Mighty smiting Mindfeeder Morphing Paralyzing Power storing Profane Profane burst Psychokinetic s Psychokinetic burst Resounding s Revealing Sacred Sacred burst Screaming s Screaming burst Shattermantle s Shielding Shock Soulbound Soulbreaker SouldrinkingS Spell storing S Spellstrike Stunning 
s 
Stunning surge Stygian Sundering Sweeping Throwing Thundering 
Unholy surge Venomous s Vicious Warning Weakening Whirling Vanishing 
Manifester Anarchic Aquan Auran Axiomatic Banishing Blindsighted 
Blurstrike Collision Consumptive Disarming Disruption Domineering 
Effect 

On critical hit, +3d6 damage and blinding effect to evil creatures As holy, 1 + Cha bonus times per day, +3d6 damage to evil target +4 on weapon damage rolls against favored enemies 1/day destroy illusions, ignore miss chance from illusion effects Double threat range, bludgeoning weapons only 3/day treat next attack before end of turn as touch attack, piercing weapons only As ghost touch, incorporeal target loses some incorporeal traits for 1 round Double threat range, piercing or slashing weapons only Use ki attacks as if unarmed 3/day pushes back target 5 ft. 1/day reroll one failed attack roll Extra benefits against arcane spellcasters, invokers On critical hit, deal extra damage based on critical multiplier +1d6 damage, all damage is nonlethal on command One additional cleave attempt per round if you have Cleave feat +2 on smite's attack roll and damage roll, one extra smite per day Cain 1 temporary power point per 5 points of critical hit damage dealt Can become any melee or thrown weapon of same size and type 1/day target paralyzed for up to 10 rounds Stores single targeted power of up to 5 power points +1d6 damage to living creatures, various evil-themed abilities As profane, on critical hit, extra negative energy and Con damage +1d4 force damage As psychokinetic, extra force damage on critical hit On successful attack, allies gain +1 morale bonus on attacks and against fear for 1 round Struck target subject to faerie fire +1d6 damage to undead or +2d6 to evil outsider, good-aligned for overcoming DR As sacred, extra positive energy and Cha damage on critical hit +1d4 sonic damage As screaming, extra sonic damage on critical hit Struck target's spell resistance reduced by 2 for 1 round 
Transforms into heavy steel shield on command, light weapons only 
+1d6 electricity damage 
Stores up to 2 points of essentia for enhancement bonuses 
As enervating, negative levels from enervating property might be permanent 
As enervating, on critical hit gain 5 temporary hp, +2 on melee damage rolls 
Store single targeted spell of up to 3rd level 
Transfer enhancement bonus to saves against spells or spell-like abilities 
As screaming, struck target stunned for 1 round on critical hit 
+1 Cha bonus times per day, target stunned for 1 round 
3/day next attack bestows negative level on target for 10 minutes 
Attack as Improved Sunder, +1d6 damage on sunder attacks 
+2 on Strength checks to trip an opponent with the weapon 
Range increment of 10 ft., can be thrown 
Deals sonic damage, deafens on critical hit 
As unholy, 1 + Cha bonus times per day, +3d6 damage to good target 3/day coat weapon in poison dealing 1d4 initial and secondary Str damage +2d6 damage, 1d6 damage to you on every attack 
+5 on initiative On critical hit, target takes -4 to its Strength 3/day strike all adjacent opponents as Whirlwind Attack 1/day after attack, transport self and gear up to 60 ft. as dimension door 1/day draw 5 power points from weapon when manifesting power 
+2d6 damage against lawful creatures Extra benefits against creatures with fire subtype Extra benefits against creatures with earth subtype 
+2d6 damage against chaotic creatures 
3/day banish a struck creature back to its home plane 
3/day gain blindsight out to 30 ft. for 1 minute 10/day first attack made in round treats target as flat-footed 
+5 damage on each successful attack 
+1d8 damage against living creatures 
+2 on disarm attempts, you cannot be disarmed Destroy undead (bludgeoning weapons only) 
Struck target shaken for 1 minute 
Market Price +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +1 bonus +8,000 gp +12,000 gp +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus +2 bonus 

MELEE WEAPON PROPERTIES (cont.) 
Effect Market Price 
On critical hit, target shaken for 5 rounds +2 bonus +ld6 damage of energy type of choice +2 bonus On critical hit, bestow one negative level on living target for 1 hour +2 bonus +ld6 fire damage, extra fire damage on critical hit +2 bonus Lodges in creature and deals normal damage for 5 rounds; piercing or slashing weapons only +2 bonus +2d6 damage against evil creatures +2 bonus +ld6 cold damage, extra cold damage on critical hit +2 bonus Extra benefits against creatures with water subtype +2 bonus As illusion bane, 1/day steal illusions +2 bonus Impedes struck target's ability to create spell effects +2 bonus Change composition to adamantine, silver, cold iron, or steel +2 bonus Struck psionic target loses power points, nonpsionic target takes Wis damage +2 bonus On critical hit, target paralyzed for 1 round +2 bonus +1 to AC, +1 on saves +2 bonus Extra benefits against psionic creatures +2 bonus Gains enhancement bonus based on power point reserve +2 bonus +ld6 electricity damage, extra electricity damage on critical hit +2 bonus Stores up to 4 points of essentia for enhancement bonuses +2 bonus Extra benefits against creatures with air subtype +2 bonus Transforms to overcome target's damage reduction +2 bonus +2d6 damage against good creatures +2 bonus +ld6 damage to living creatures, healed of amount equal to extra damage +2 bonus +1 point Con damage +2 bonus On critical hit, target subject to prismatic spray +30,000 gp Cain temporary hp equal to half damage dealt by critical hits +3 bonus On critical hit, bestows curse for 1 minute +3 bonus As the ghost touch property, and continuous see invisibility +3 bonus Target loses 2 hp/round for 5 rounds +3 bonus Deal ability drain and bestow negative levels as with natural weapons +3 bonus Extra attack with full attack +3 bonus Sheds light, ignores armor bonuses to AC and nonliving matter +4 bonus Fights on its own for 4 rounds, on command +4 bonus Sever foe's head on critical hit; slashing weapons only +5 bonus 
Effect Market Price 
Bright illumination to 20 ft., shadowy illumination to 40 ft. +500 gp Freedom of movement underwater +2,000 gp 2/day blinding effect, weapon is immune to acid damage and rusting +2,000 gp Collapses to two size categories smaller, easy to conceal +2,000 gp 1/day add 5 ft. to reach and deny target Dex bonus to AC +5,000 gp Changes size category on command +5,000 gp On critical hit, target slowed for 3 rounds +5,000 gp As corrosive, extra acid damage on critical hit +1 bonus Sacrifice spell use for extra damage on next bow attack; bows only +1 bonus +2 bonus, +2d6 damage against one type of creature +1 bonus 2/day dimensional anchor on target for 10 minutes +1 bonus Cains some bless weapon traits +1 bonus +1d6 acid damage +1 bonus +1d6 damage on sneak attack or sudden strike +1 bonus +1d4 damage, +1d8 damage to plants and water elementals +1 bonus As desiccating, extra desiccating damage on critical hit +1 bonus 3/day struck target teleported up to 10 ft. +1 bonus 3/day struck target teleported up to 30 ft. +1 bonus 3/day struck target subject to dispel magic +1 bonus 3/day struck target subject to greater dispel magic +1 bonus Double range increment +1 bonus Expend turn undead use to imbue weapon with divine power +1 bonus Dragon target takes 1 Str damage, critical hit multiplier increases against dragons; +1 bonus projectile weapons only As bane, extra benefits against bane type or subtype +1 bonus +1d6 fire damage +1 bonus +1d6 cold damage +1 bonus On critical hit, +3d6 damage and blinding effect to evil creatures +1 bonus +4 on weapon damage rolls against favored enemies +1 bonus 1/day destroy illusions, ignore miss chance from illusion effects +1 bonus 
Page 
M33 M34 M34 D224 M35 D225 D225 M36 M37 M37 M38 M39 M39 M40 M41 M41 D225 M43 M45 M45 D225 M45 D225 M40 M30 M31 M34 M37 M39 D225 D224 D224 D225 
Item Name 
Doom burst Energy aura Enervating Flaming burst Fleshgrinding Holy Icy burst Ignan Illusion theft 
s

Impedance Metalline Mindcrusher Paralytic burst Parrying Psibane Psychic Shocking burst Soulbound, greater 
s

Terran Transmuting Unholy Vampiric Wounding Prismatic burst Bodyfeeder Cursespewing Ethereal reaver Implacable Necrotic focus Speed Brilliant energy Dancing Vorpal 
RANGED WEAPON PROPERTIES 
Page 
M36 M28 M34 M36 M43 M43 M43 M28 M28 D224 M29 M29 M31 M32 M32 M32 M32 M33 M33 M33 D224 M33 M33 
M35 D224 D224 M36 M36 M36 
Item Name 
Illuminating Aquatic Everbright Hideaway Shadowstrike Sizing Slow burst Acidic burst 
s

Arcane might Bane Binding Blessed Corrosive Deadly precision Dessicating Dessicating burst 
s

Dislocator Dislocator, great 
s

Dispelling Dispelling, greater 
s

Distance Divine wrath Dragonhunter 
Fiercebane 
S

Flaming Frost Heavenly burst Hunting Illusion bane 
RANGED WEAPON PROPERTIES (cont.) 
Page 
M37 M38 M38 M38 M38 D225 M39 M39 M40 M40 M40 M40 M41 M41 M41 D225 M42 M42 M42 M42 M42 D225 M43 D225 M43 M44 M44 M44 M44 M44 D225 M45 M46 M46 M38 D223 M28 M28 D223 M28 M29 M31 M31 M32 M33 M33 M34 M34 D224 M35 D225 D225 M36 M37 M37 M38 M39 M39 M40 M41 M41 D225 M43 M45 M45 
Item Name 
Impact 
Knockback 
Lucky 
Magebane 
Maiming 
Merciful 
Mindfeeder 
Morphing 
Power storing 
Precise 
Profane 
Profane burst 
s
Psychokinetic Psychokinetic burst 
s
Quick loading 
Returning 
Revealing 
Sacred 
Sacred burst 
s
Screaming 
Screaming burst 
s
Seeking 
Shattermantle 
Shock 
Soulbound 
Soulbreaker 
S
Spellstrike 
Stunning 
s
Stunning surge Stygian Thundering Venomous Warning Weakening Manifester Anarchic Aquan Auran Axiomatic Banishing Blindsighted Collision Consumptive Disarming Domineering Doom burst Energy aura Enervating Flaming burst Force Holy Icy burst Ignan Illusion theft 
s
Impedance Metalline Mindcrusher Paralytic burst Parrying Psibane Psychic Shocking burst Soulbound, greater 
S
Terran Transmuting 

Effect Market Price 
Double threat range; bludgeoning weapons only +1 bonus 3/day pushes back target 5 ft. +1 bonus 1/day reroll one failed attack roll +1 bonus Extra benefits against arcane spellcasters, invokers +1 bonus On critical hit, deal extra damage based on critical multiplier +1 bonus +1d6 damage, all damage is nonlethal on command +1 bonus Gain 1 temporary power point per 5 points of critical hit damage dealt +1 bonus Can become any melee or thrown weapon of same size and type; thrown weapons only +1 bonus Stores single targeted power of up to 5 power points +1 bonus Shoot or throw into melee without -4 penalty +1 bonus +1d6 damage to living creatures, various evil-themed abilities +1 bonus As profane, on critical hit, extra negative energy and Con damage +1 bonus +1d4 force damage +1 bonus As psychokinetic, extra force damage on critical hit +1 bonus Reload quickly, store 100 bolts in extradimensional space; crossbows only +1 bonus Returns to thrower +1 bonus Struck target subject to faerie fire +1 bonus +1d6 damage to undead or +2d6 to evil outsider, good-aligned for overcoming DR +1 bonus As sacred, extra positive energy and Cha damage on critical hit +1 bonus +1d4 sonic damage +1 bonus As screaming, extra sonic damage on critical hit +1 bonus Negate any miss chances +1 bonus Struck target's spell resistance reduced by 2 for 1 round +1 bonus +1d6 electricity damage +1 bonus Stores up to 2 points of essentia for enhancement bonuses +1 bonus As enervating, negative levels from enervating property might be permanent +1 bonus Transfer enhancement bonus to saves against spells or spell-like abilities +1 bonus As screaming, struck target stunned for 1 round on critical hit +1 bonus +1 Cha bonus times per day, target stunned for 1 round +1 bonus 3/day next attack bestows negative level on target for 10 minutes +1 bonus Deals sonic damage, deafens on critical hit +1 bonus 3/day coat weapon in poison dealing ld4 initial and secondary Str damage +1 bonus +5 on initiative +1 bonus On critical hit, target takes -4 to its Strength +1 bonus 1/day draw 5 power points from weapon when manifesting power +12,000 gp +2d6 damage against lawful creatures +2 bonus Extra benefits against creatures with fire subtype +2 bonus Extra benefits against creatures with earth subtype +2 bonus +2d6 damage against chaotic creatures +2 bonus 3/day banish struck creature back to its home plane +2 bonus 3/day gain blindsight out to 30 ft. for 1 minute +2 bonus +5 damage on each successful attack +2 bonus +1d8 damage against living creatures +2 bonus +2 on disarm attempts, you cannot be disarmed +2 bonus Struck target shaken for 1 minute +2 bonus On critical hit, target shaken for 5 rounds +2 bonus +1d6 damage of energy type of choice +2 bonus On critical hit, bestow one negative level on living target for 1 hour +2 bonus +1d6 fire damage, extra fire damage on critical hit +2 bonus Turns projectiles into force attacks; projectile weapons only +2 bonus +2d6 damage against evil creatures +2 bonus +1d6 frost damage, extra cold damage on critical hit +2 bonus Extra benefits against creatures with water subtype +2 bonus As illusion bane, 1/day steal illusions +2 bonus Impedes struck target's ability to create spell effects +2 bonus Change composition to adamantine, silver, cold iron, or steel +2 bonus Struck psionic target loses power points, nonpsionic target takes Wis damage +2 bonus On critical hit, target paralyzed for 1 round +2 bonus +1 to AC, +1 on saves +2 bonus Extra benefits against psionic creatures +2 bonus Gains enhancement bonus based on power point reserve +2 bonus +1d6 electricity, extra electricity damage on critical hit +2 bonus Stores up to 4 points of essentia for enhancement bonuses +2 bonus Extra benefits against creatures of air subtype +2 bonus Transforms to overcome target's damage reduction +2 bonus 
RANGED WEAPON PROPERTIES (cont.) 
Page Item Name Effect Market Price 
D225 Unholy +2d6 damage against good creatures +2 bonus M40 Prismatic burst On critical hit, target subject to prismatic spray +30,000 gp M30 Bodyfeeder Gain temporary hp equal to half damage dealt by critical hits +3 bonus M31 Cursespewing On critical hit, bestows curse for 1 minute +3 bonus M37 Implacable Target loses 2 hp/round for 5 rounds +3 bonus D225 Speed Extra attack with full attack +3 bonus D224 Brilliant energy Sheds light, ignores armor bonuses to AC and nonliving matter +4 bonus 
SPECIFIC WEAPONS Page Item Name Effect Market Price (gp) D228 Sleep arrow +1 arrow, deals nonlethal damage and might put target to sleep 132 D227 Screaming bolt +2 bolt, enemies in path must make Will save or become shaken 267 M52 Fountainhead arrow (or bolt) Creates acid burst (2d8 damage) for 3 rounds when fired at a flat surface 306 M46 Arrow (or bolt) of biting +1 arrow, poisons target, dealing initial and secondary 1d6 Con damage 506 D226 Javelin of lightning Becomes 5d6 lightning bolt when thrown 1,500 D228 Slaying arrow +1 arrow, kill one type or subtype of creature (Fort DC 20 negates) 2,282 D222 +1 weapon Weapon has +1 on attack rolls and damage rolls 2,300+ M53 Meteoric knife +1 dagger, 3 charges, gains flaming and returning properties and other effects 2,802 M48 Bow of the wintermoon Corellon Larethian: +1 composite longbow plus relic powers 3,400 
R

D228 Slaying arrow, greater +1 arrow, kill one type or subtype of creature (Fort DC 23 negates) 4,057 M49 Crystal echoblade +1 longsword, deals extra sonic damage while using bardic music 4,310 D228 Shatterspike +1 longsword, more damage when sundering if you have Improved Sunder feat 4,315 M53 Living chain +1 spiked chain, +2 on Strength check to trip a target 4,325 M48 Bowstaff +1/masterwork quarterstaff, becomes +1 longbow on command 4,600 M47 Bladed crossbow +1 heavy crossbow, also functions as +1 battleaxe 4,660 M52 Hooked hammer of the Garl Glittergold: +1/+1 gnome hooked hammer plus relic powers 5,120 
hearthfire 
R

M46 Assassin whip +1 whip, 2/day target subject to entangling plant attack for 3 rounds 5,301 M60 Spider fang +1 dagger, cut through webs, create free-standing curtain of cobwebs 1/day 5,302 M52 Galeb duhr hammer +1 warhammer, on a critical hit, floor holds target in place if you have stonecunning 5,312 M62 Trident of serenity +1 trident, 3/day calm emotions for 5 rounds 5,315 M53 Manticore greatsword +1 greatsword, 6/day launch spikes as thrown weapon 5,350 M60 Staff of the unyielding oak Obad-Hai: +1/+1 quarterstaff plus relic powers 5,600 
R

M58 Rod of surprises Becomes various magic weapons, can store a message as magic mouth spell 6,000 M59 Spectral dagger Chill touch on touch attack 6,000 M56 Raptor arrow Ehlonna: +1 arrow plus relic powers 6,006 
R

M63 Whip of webs +1 whip, 3/day target entangled as if by a net for up to 3 rounds 6,301 M50 Dagger of defiance +1 dagger, +3 on saves against enchantment and fear effects 6,302 M201 Scorpion kama +1 kama, deals unarmed strike damage (Gharyn's monastic array) 6,302 
SP

M63 Viperblade +1 dagger, 5 charges/day, secretes poison of various strengths 6,302 M50 Death spike +1 cold iron spear, reduce target to fewer than 0 hp to gain several bonuses 6,304 M60 Stonereaver +1 greataxe, bane property against earth-based creatures if you are a dwarf 6,320 M31 Swordbow, light Becomes +1 shortbow or +1 rapier 6,330 M31 Swordbow Becomes +1 longbow or +1 longsword 6,375 M31 Swordbow, great Becomes +1 composite longbow (+4 Str bonus) or +1 greatsword 6,775 M51 The fist +1 adamantine spiked gauntlet, immune to chill metal/heat metal, 7,005 
1/day stunning attack M54 Morningstar of the many Erythnul: +1 morningstar plus relic powers 7,308 
R

M56 Rod of defiance +1 heavy mace, undead treated as having 4 fewer HD for turn/rebuke checks 7,312 
M60 Stunshot sling +1 sling, 3/day target stunned for 1 round 7,800 
M53 Mace of the dark children +1 adamantine heavy mace, +3 on rebuke undead checks, improved rebuking ability 8,012 
D222 +2 weapon Weapon has +2 on attack rolls and damage rolls 8,300+ 
D226 Dagger of venom +1 dagger, 1/day poison 8,302 
M63 Warlock's scepter +1 light mace, 5 charges/day, +1 on ranged touch attack rolls, eldritch blast bonuses 8,305 
M48 Blazing skylance +1 lance, 3/day 15-ft. cone of 5d4 fire damage 8,310 
M52 Forceful skylance +1 lance, 3/day magic missile (three missiles) 8,310 
M52 Ghost net Incorporeal target treated as corporeal 8,320 
M46 Axe of ancestral virtue Moradin: +1 keen adamantine dwarven waraxe plus relic powers 8,530 

R

M51 Dwarf crusher Large +1 adamantine greatclub, benefits against dwarves, constructs, earth creatures 9,010 
M59 Skewer-of-gnomes Kurtulmak: Small +1 gnome bane spear plus relic powers 9,302 

R

M59 Spear of retribution Gruumsh: +1 returning spear plus relic powers 9,302 
R

M57 Rod of the recluse Lolth: +2 light mace plus relic powers 9,305 
R

M50 Dawnstar Pelor: +2 morningstar plus relic powers 9,308 
R

M54 Pick of piercing +1 heavy pick, 3/day destroys object created of force (as disintegrate) 9,308 
M61 Sword of virtue beyond reproach Heironeous: +1 holy longsword plus relic powers 9,315 

R

M55 Rapier of desperate measures Olidammara: +2 rapier plus relic powers 9,320 
R 

SPECIFIC WEAPONS (cont.) 
Page Item Name Effect Market Price (gp) 
M55 Rapier of unerring direction Fharlanghn: +1 ghost touch rapier plus relic powers 9,320 
R

M60 Sword of mighty thews Kord: +1 dragonbane greatsword plus relic powers 9,350 
R

D229 Trident of warning +2 trident, locate aquatic predators 10,115 
M210 Talon scepter +1 flaming light mace, ray of fire deals 1d6 damage (regalia of the phoenix) 10,305 
SP

M47 Axe of the sea reavers +1 greataxe, float on water, 1/day each, various morale bonuses and panic effects 10,320 
M56 Rod of cats +1/masterwork quarterstaff various stealth-themed effects 10,600 
M49 Chromatic rod Tiamat: +1 corrosive, frost, flaming, or shock morningstar plus relic powers 12,308 
R

M58 Rogue blade +1 rapier, 2/day blink for 6 rounds 12,320 
M48 Bow of songs +1 shortbow, expend bardic music for Cha bonus on attack rolls and damage rolls 12,330 
D228 Shifter's sorrow +1/+1 two-bladed sword, +2d6 damage to shapechangers, 12,780 
force return to natural form D236 Python rod +1/+1 quarterstaff transforms into python and back on command 13,000 M61 Tentacle rod Makes three tentacle attacks with slow effect 14,000 M58 Rod of whips 3/day becomes +1 dancing whip that can strike incorporeal creatures 15,000 D222 +3 weapon Weapon has +3 on attack rolls and damage rolls 18,300+ D226 Assassin's dagger +2 dagger, +1 to Fort save DC for assassin's death attack 18,302 M57 Rod of enervating strike +1 heavy mace, various inflict wounds effects 18,312 M57 Rod of freedom +1 silver heavy mace, various freedom-themed effects and bonuses 18,402 D229 Trident of fish command +1 trident, charm, speak with animals on aquatic animals 18,650 D237 Viper rod +2 heavy mace, 1/day produces poisonous viper head on command 19,000 M63 Water whip +1 whip, lethal damage, +1d6 fire or cold damage and difficult to disarm 20,301 M50 Dagger of denial Vecna: +1 unholy dagger plus relic powers 20,302 
R

M58 Ruby blade Wee Jas: +1 axiomatic dagger plus relic powers 20,302 
R

M49 Cudgel that never forgets St. Cuthbert: +1 axiomatic heavy mace plus relic powers 20,312 
R

M48 Chain of obeisance Hextor: +1 unholy spiked chain plus relic powers 20,400 
R

D226 Flame tongue +1flaming burst longsword, 1/day 4d6 fire damage on ranged touch attack 20,715 
D227 Luck blade (0 wishes) +2 short sword, +1 on saving throws, power of good fortune 22,060 
M53 Lash of sands +1 desiccating burst whip, lethal damage, 1/day entangling attack 22,301 
D228 Sword of subtlety +1 short sword, +4 on attack rolls and damage rolls when making sneak attack 22,310 
D228 Sword of the planes +1 longsword, enhancement bonus improves depending on plane/opponents 22,315 
D227 Nine lives stealer +2 longsword, draw life force from an opponent nine times 23,057 
D262 Mattock of the titans Gargantuan +3 adamantine warhammer, loosens earth, smashes rock 23,348 
M54 Quarterstaff of battle +1/+1 quarterstaff various combat-based effects 24,600 
D237 Rod of withering +1 light mace, deals Str and Con damage instead of hit point damage 25,000 
D262 Maul of the titans +3 greatclub, triple damage against inanimate objects 25,305 
D227 Oathbow +2 composite longbow (+2 Str bonus), more effective against sworn enemy 25,600 
D228 Sword of life stealing +2 longsword, bestow negative level, gain 1d6 temporary hp on critical hit 25,715 
M59 Scourge of pain +1 scourge, +1d8 nonlethal damage, pain effect for 1d4 rounds 26,320 
D222 +4 weapon Weapon has +4 on attack rolls and damage rolls 32,300+ 
D237 Rod of thunder and lightning +2 light mace, various thunder and lightning effects 33,000 
M62 Tentacle rod, greater Makes six tentacle attacks with fatigued/exhausted effect 36,000 
M51 Explosive sling +1 sling, +2d6 fire damage to target and creatures within 10 ft. 36,300 
D227 Mace of terror +2 heavy mace, 3/day affect creatures as fear spell 38,552 
M56 Rod of celestial might +1/+1 quarterstaff 3/day holy smite attack, 1/day summon avoral guardinal 38,600 
D227 Life-drinker +1 greataxe, bestows 2 negative levels on target and one on you 40,320 
D229 Sylvan scimitar +3 scimitar, gain Cleave, +1d6 points of damage when outdoors 47,315 
D235 Rod of flailing Becomes +3 dire flail on command, 1/day +4 to AC and on saving throws 50,000 
D222 +5 weapon Weapon has +5 on attack rolls and damage rolls 50,300+ 
D227 Rapier of puncturing +2 wounding rapier, 3/day +1d6 Con damage on touch attack 50,320 
D228 Sun blade +2 bastard sword, wielded as short sword, +4 against evil creatures, 1/day sunlight 50,335 
D226 Frost brand +3 frost greatsword, shines light when under 0°F, grants protection from fire 54,475 
D226 Dwarven thrower +2 warhammer, additional benefits if you are a dwarf 60,312 
D227 Luck blade (1 wish) +2 short sword, +1 on saving throws, power of good fortune, one wish 62,360 
D235 Rod of lordly might Transforms into various magic weapons, several other effects 70,000 
D227 Mace of smiting +3 adamantine heavy mace, more effective against constructs and outsiders 75,312 
D234 Rod of alertness +7 light mace, +1 on initiative, various detection and other effects 85,000 
D227 Luck blade (2 wishes) +2 short sword, +1 on saving throws, power of good fortune, two wishes 102,660 
D226 Holy avenger +2 cold iron longsword, +5 holy cold iron longsword for paladin, other benefits 120,630 
D227 Luck blade (3 wishes) +2 short sword, +1 on saving throws, power of good fortune, three wishes 142,960 
D245 Staff of power +2/'masterwork quarterstaff, create various powerful effects 211,000 

WEAPONPage 
M34 
M34 
M65 M65 M64 M64 M66 M64 M65 M64 M64 M65 M65 M65 M65 M66 M66 M64 
M64 M64 M65 M64 M65 M65 M65 M64 
M65 M65 
M66 M66 M66 M64 M64 M64 M65 
M65 M66 
ARMS Page M72 D250 M192 M81 M80 M113 M80 M84 M108 M108 M80 M81 M90 M202 M112 
M119 M80 
 CRYSTALS Item Name 
Crystal of illumination, least Crystal of adamant weaponry, 
least Crystal of return, least Crystal of security, least Crystal of illumination, lesser Crystal of life drinking, least Revelation crystal, least Crystal of arcane steel, least Phoenix ash threat, least Crystal of energy assault, least Crystal of illumination, greater Crystal of return, lesser Crystal of security, lesser Demolition crystal, least Fiendslayer crystal, least Revelation crystal, lesser Truedeath crystal, least Crystal of adamant weaponry, 
lesser Crystal of life drinking, lesser Crystal of arcane steel, lesser Phoenix ash threat, lesser Crystal of energy assault, lesser Crystal of security, greater Demolition crystal, lesser Fiendslayer crystal, lesser Crystal of adamant weaponry, 
greater 
Crystal of return, greater 
Fiendslayer crystal, greater 

Revelation crystal, greater Truedeath crystal, lesser Witchlight reservoir Crystal of arcane steel, greater Crystal of energy assault, greater Crystal of life drinking, greater Demolition crystal, greater 
Phoenix ash threat, greater 
Truedeath crystal, greater 

Item Name 
Armband of elusive action 
Bracers of armor +1 
Armband of confrontation 

SP 

Bracers of quick strike Bracers of great collision Inquisitor bracers Bracers of the entangling blast Caduceus bracers Goodberry bracelet Greatreach bracers Bracers of arcane freedom Bracers of opportunity Counterstrike bracers Bands of blood rage 
SP 

Hexbands 
Rapidstrike bracers 
Bracers of the blast barrier 

Effect  Market Price (gp)  
Weapon sheds bright light to 5 ft., shadowy illumination to 10 ft.  100  
+2 to hardness of weapon  300  
Draw weapon as free action  300  
+2 on checks made to draw a weapon or keep it in your hand  300  
Weapon sheds bright light to 20 ft., shadowy illumination to 40 ft.  400  

Heal 1 damage every time you damage a living creature, up to 10 damage per day 400 Invisible struck target surrounded by glowing aura for 1 round 400 +1 on weapon damage roll when delivering spell via melee attack 500 Target takes 1 point of fire damage next round 500 +1 point of specific energy damage to attack 600 Weapon sheds bright light to 60 ft., shadowy illumination to 120 ft. 1,000 Draw weapon as free action, call weapon from up to 30 ft. away 1,000 +5 on checks made to draw a weapon or keep it in your hand 1,000 +1d6 to weapon damage against constructs 1,000 +1d6 to weapon damage against evil outsiders 1,000 As least revelation crystal and invisibility suppressed for 1 round 1,000 Weapon deals +1d6 damage to undead 1,000 +5 to hardness of weapon 1,400 
Heal 3 damage every time you damage a living creature, up to 30 damage per day 1,500 +1 on attack roll and weapon damage roll when delivering spell via melee attack 2,000 Target takes 3 points of fire damage next round 2,000 +1d6 points of specific energy damage to attack 3,000 +10 on checks made to draw a weapon or keep it in your hand 3,000 +1d6 on weapon damage against constructs, overcomes DR as adamantine 3,000 +1d6 on weapon damage against evil outsiders, overcomes DR as good 3,000 +10 to hardness of weapon 3,400 
As lesser crystal of return and weapon gains returning property 4,000 As lesser fiendslayer crystal and struck evil outsider can't teleport 5,000 for 1 round on critical hit As lesser revelation crystal and concealment effects suppressed for 1 round 5,000 Weapon deals +1d6 damage to undead, functions as ghost touch weapon 5,000 Enhance melee weapon in various ways, 5 enhanced strikes/8 hours of charging 5,000 As lesser crystal of arcane steel and +1 to save DC of spell 6,000 +1d6 points of specific energy damage to attack, plus secondary effect 6,000 Heal 5 damage every time you damage a living creature, up to 50 damage/day 6,000 As lesser demolition crystal and can score sneak attacks and 6,000 critical hits against constructs Target takes 5 points of fire damage next round 6,000 As lesser truedeath crystal and can score sneak attacks and critical hits against undead 10,000 
Effect Market Price (gp) 
1/day avoid provoking attack of opportunity 800 +1 enhancement bonus to AC 1,000 Fighting challenge lasts an extra 3 rounds (five virtues) 1,400 1/day make one additional attack after a full attack action 1,400 2/day deal extra damage on a critical hit with a bludgeoning weapon 1,500 3/day cure moderate wounds along with next melee attack before end of turn 1,500 Next spell cast deals half damage and entangles target 2,000 Sacrifice 5 points of healing to remove 1 point of ability damage or a condition 2,000 Create five berries per day as goodberry spell 2,000 3/day +10 ft. to reach for 1 round 2,000 2/day omit somatic component of next spell cast before end of turn 2,300 2/day always take attacks of opportunity, extra benefits with Combat Reflexes 2,300 2/day take one free attack of opportunity after enemy's failed melee attack 2,500 3/day grant blood rage to allies (instruments of the blood gift) 2,600 +1 to save DC of hexblade's curse, 5/day add Cha modifier to 3,100 weapon damage against cursed target 3/day +2 on attack rolls made as part of a flurry of blows 3,100 3/day turn a spell or spell-like ability into a wall of magical energy 3,200 
ARM S (cont.) 
Page 
D265 
M104 
M130 
D266 
M130 
M112 
M133 
M129 
M136 
D265 
D265 
M129 
M206 
D265 
D265 
D265 

FACE Page M113 M118 M141 D257 M136 
M75 
M215 
M72 
M108 

Item Name 
Robe of bones Ghost shroud Robe of retaliation Robe of useful items Robe of mysterious conjuration Incarnum focus (robe) Shadow veil Robe of arcane might Shroud of scales Robe of scintillating colors Robe of blending Robe of the inferno Robe of thunder 
SP 
Robe of stars Robe of the archmagi Robe of eyes 
Item Name 
Lenses of bright vision Pearl of speech Third eye improvisation Goggles of minute seeing Snakeblood tooth 
Blighter's hex-eye Lenses of revelation 
SP 
Artificer's monocle Goggles of lifesight Effect Market Price (gp) Take -5 penalty on attack roll for a touch attack spell to deal +1d6 damage 3,300 +2 on Perform, throw to create sound burst 11 times 3,700 3/day healed of damage equal to level of shadow spell or mystery cast 3,700 3 charges/day, deliver ranged attacks with extreme precision 4,000 +2 enhancement bonus to AC 4,000 3/day, push creatures back 5 ft. 4,000 +2 on Str checks and Str-based skill checks, extra benefits with Power Attack 4,100 +1 on attack rolls while you or foe are airborne (array of the manticore) 5,000 Use all bows, +1 on attack rolls using bows with which you are proficient 5,000 +2 on initiative, 3/day extra attack in addition to full attack (fleet warrior's array) 5,000 +1 to AC, 3/day sacrifice a spell slot to daze attacker for 1 round 5,000 

Resistance to fire 5, +1 enhancement bonus to natural armor 5,000 3/day use melee weapons to deal critical hits or sneak attacks 5,000 to creatures immune to such attacks for 1 round 2/day automatic critical threat after taking critical hit or sneak attack damage 5,000 Sacrifice spell slot to gain DR (2 x level of spell slot)/— 6,000 Wield weapons as if one size category larger than normal 6,000 3/day next healing spell of 6th level or lower is maximized 7,200 +2 to AC against ranged attacks for good-aligned wearers 8,000 +3 enhancement bonus to AC 9,000 
Ranged attacks against you take a -2 penalty as if fired in strong wind, 10,000 +1 on ranged attacks Attacks deal +1d6 electricity damage, works in wild shape (raiment of the Stormwalker) 11,000 Store and retrieve up to four items of no more than 3 lb. each 12,000 +1 to essentia capacity of soulmelds occupying arms chakra 15,000 +4 enhancement bonus to AC 16,000 Four friends can be summoned once each 19,000 Use all bows, +2 on attack, +1 on damage using bows with which you are proficient 25,000 +5 enhancement bonus to AC 25,000 Project beam of normal light; 4/day searing light 26,000 +6 enhancement bonus to AC 36,000 +7 enhancement bonus to AC 49,000 +8 enhancement bonus to AC 64,000 
Effect Market Price (gp) Page 
M137 M117 M133 M79 D250 M81 M72 M194 D250 M198 M82 M90 M93 
M120 M93 M139 M72 M144 D250 M82 
M206 M147 M112 D250 D250 D250 D250 M80 D250 D250 D250 
Item Name 
Spellmight bracers Mithral bells Shadow maniple Bracers of accuracy Bracers of armor +2 Bracers of repulsion Armbands of might Bracers of aerial combat 
SP 
Bracers of archery, lesser Bracers of blinding strike 
SP 
Bracers of retaliation Crimson dragonhide bracers Deathstrike bracers 
Reciprocal bracers Deathguardian bracers Strongarm bracers Armband of maximized healing Vambraces of warding Bracers of armor +3 Bracers of wind 
Bracers of lightning 
SP 
Wand bracelet Incarnum focus (bracers) Bracers of armor +4 Bracelet of friends Bracers of archery, greater Bracers of armor +5 Bracers of dawn Bracers of armor +6 Bracers of armor +7 Bracers of armor +8 

BODY (NON-ARMOR) 
Create a number of undead creatures 
+1 to AC; all your melee attacks affect incorporeal creatures 3/day upon taking damage, sacrifice arcane spell or spell slot to deal damage 
Create a number of mundane items 
3/day sacrifice spell slot to use summon monster spell of same level 
+1 to essentia capacity of soulmelds occupying soul chakra 
+1 to AC; concealment in shadowy areas 
+4 armor bonus to AC; +1 to caster level for spells of a specific school DR 5/magic, immune to dragon's frightful presence 
Colors daze surrounding creatures, conceal wearer, illuminate area 
+10 on Hide, disguise self at will 
+4 armor bonus to AC; create fiery orbs that can be thrown 
Cain sonic-related benefits, works in wild shape (raiment of the Stormwalker) 
Travel to Astral Plane, +1 on saving throws, use up to six +5 shuriken 
Various resistance, spellcasting, and defensive bonuses 
See all things within 120 ft., various vision-related effects 
Effect Market
3/day project 15-ft. cone of bright light from eyes Speak and understand one specific language, 1/day command 1/day +5 on one check in a skill in which you're untrained +5 bonus on Search for concealed objects within 1 ft. +5 on saves against ingested poison; 3 charges/day, various protections against poison 3/day +2d6 points of damage against elves and plants for 1 round Reveals foe as undead or evil outsider (vestments of divinity) Use artificer knowledge or detect magic to determine abilities of magic item3/day know whether creatures are living, dead, or neither 
2,400 5,000 6,500 7,000 10,000 15,000 16,000 21,000 24,000 27,000 30,000 37,000 38,000 58,000 75,000 120,000 
 Price (gp) 
600 
600 1,000 1,250 1,350 
1,400 1,400  1,500 2,000 

FACE (cont.) 
Page  Item Name  Effect  Market Price (gp)  
M116  Mask of sweet air  Breathe in unclean air, +5 on saves against stench attacks and inhaled poisons  2,000  
M143  Third eye surge  3 charges/day, bonuses on Str- and Dex-based checks and weapon damage  2,100  
M91  Crystal mask of knowledge  +5 on a specific type of Knowledge check  2,500  
M91  Crystal mask of languages  Speak, read, and write five specific languages  2,500  
D256  Eyes of the eagle  +5 on Search  2,500  
M108  Goggles of foefinding  Ignore enemies' AC bonus from cover  2,500  
M138  Spellsight spectacles  +5 on Spellcraft to decipher scrolls and Use Magic Device to use scrolls  2,500  
M141  Third eye dampening  1/day reduce numeric effects of next power or spell affecting you to minimum  2,500  
M141  Third eye expose  +5 on Sense Motive  2,500  
M141  Third eye freedom  1/dayfreedom of movement for 1 round  2,600  
M201  Panther mask  +5-ft. speed, benefit of Run feat in light or no armor (Gharyn's monastic array)  2,700  
M90  S PCorsair's eyepatch  3/day see invisibility for 1 round or gain Blind-Fight for 1 minute  3,000  
M141  Third eye clarity  1/day negates confused, dazed, fascinated, or stunned condition  3,000  
M98  Eyes of expanded vision  +1 on Spot, flanking foes get only +1 bonus, -2 on saves against gaze attacks  3,200  
M115  Mask of blood  Rage lasts 1 round longer; 2/day ranged touch attack deals 4d6 acid damage  3,300  
D261  Lens of detection  +5 on Search and +5 on Survival while tracking  3,500  
M193  Mask of  mastery  +5 on Intimidate, 1/day command (armor of the watching master)  3,500  
M210  Raptor's  mask  S P  +5 on Spot, immune to blinding and dazzling effects (regalia of the phoenix)  3,500  
M94  Dragon mask  SP  2/day see invisibility for 5 minutes  4,000  
M205  Goggles of the golden  sun  Immune to blinding, dazzling; 3/dayfireball  (raiment of the four)  4,000  
M115  Mask of mental armor  SP  +3 on saving throws against mind-affecting spells and abilities  4,000  
M200  Mask of the  tiger  Gain benefit of Track feat, low-light vision (garb of the hunting cat)  4,000  
M107  Goggles of day  SP  Operate without penalty in preternaturally bright light  4,500  
M115  Mask of lies  +5 on Bluff, continuous undetectable alignment; 3/day disguise self  4,500  
M116  Mask of silent trickery  2/day omit verbal component of next enchantment or illusion spell  5,000  
M99  Eyes of truth  +5 on Spot; 1/day true seeing for 1 round  5,500  
M117  Monocle of perusal  +5 on Appraise, 3/day identify  6,500  
M213  Veil of whispers  Confuse creature affected by your enchantment spell (seven veils)  7,000  
M96  S P Dreaming blindfold  1/day send dream or nightmare to a sleeping creature  7,500  
M142  Third eye penetrate  +2 on caster level checks to overcome spell resistance  8,000  
M99  Fanged mask  Make bite attacks; 3/day stun creature you bite  8,300  
M75  Blindfold of true darkness  Blindsight out to 30 ft., immune to sight-based effects  9,000  
M90  Crystal mask of detection  +10 on Search  10,000  
M90  Crystal mask of discernment  +10 on Sense Motive  10,000  
M91  Crystal mask of dread  +10 on Intimidate  10,000  
M92  Crystal mask of mindarmor  +4 on Will saving throws  10,000  
M92  Crystal mask of psionic craft  +10 on Psicraft  10,000  
M92  Crystal mask of visual insight  Ignore effects of concealment on any creature within 30 ft. for 1 round  10,000  
M98  Eyes of power leech  1/day drain 1d6 power points from target per round, 7 consecutive rounds/day  10,000  
M113  Lenses of true form  +10 on Spot to penetrate disguise, 1/day force creature to assume true form  10,000  
M137  Soulstone  Bind soulmelds to brow chakra  10,000  
M140  Third eye aware  +10 on Spot  10,000  
M141  Third eye concentrate  +10 on Concentrate  10,000  
M141  Third eye gather  +10 on Gather Information  10,000  
M142  Third eye powerthieve  1/day borrow one power from a psionic target for 70 minutes  10,000  
D258  Goggles of night  Darkvision out to 60 ft.  12,000  
M84  Cannith goggles  +5 on Search and Spot, artificers can power the goggles with infusions  13,000  
M145  Veil of allure  +2 to save DCs of enchantment spells and Cha-based supernatural abilities  14,000  
M112  Incarnum focus (goggles)  +1 to essentia capacity of soulmelds occupying brow chakra  15,000  
M118  Moonstone mask  +5 on Listen and Spot, darkvision out to 30 ft.  15,000  
M142  Third eye repudiate  1/day dispel magic  15,000  
M107  Goggles of draconic vision  Various vision-enhancing effects; 1/day blindsense out to 30 ft. for 1 minute  16,000  
M108  Goggles of the ebon hunter  Darkvision out to 30 ft.; +1 on attack and damage rolls with ranged weapons  18,000  
M91  Crystal mask of insight  +9 on Search and Spot  20,000  
M98  Eyes of power leech, vampiric  1/day drain 1d6 power points from target per round, 13 consecutive rounds/day  20,000  
D262  Mask of the skull  1/day mask flies up to 50 ft., attacks a creature as finger of death  22,000  
M212  Turquoise  veil  Petrify creature affected by your transmutation spell (seven veils)  22,000  
M142  S P Third eye sense  See and hear a known, distant location, at will  24,000  
D256  Eyes of doom  Use doom (one lens), use fear and deathwatch (both lenses)  25,000  
D256  Eyes of charming  Charm person at will  56,000  
D256  Eyes of petrification  Petrification gaze attack 10 rounds/day  98,000  
M141  Third eye conceal  Protected from devices and effects that detect or affect emotions or thoughts  120,000  
M141  Third eye dominate  1/day dominate monster within 60 ft.  120,000  

FEET 
Page Item Name Effect Market Price (gp) 

M77 Boots of landing Always land on your feet, 2 fewer dice of falling damage than normal 500 M76 Boots of agile leaping Add Dex modifier on Jump, stand from prone more easily 600 M78 Boots of stomping 3/day topple creatures in 15-ft. cone 600 M67 Acrobat boots 3 charges, bonuses to land speed; +2 on Tumble 900 M71 Anklet of translocation 2/day teleport 10 ft. 1,400 M168 Steadfast boots +4 bonus to resist being moved, constantly set against charge 1,400 M201 Cobra straps After unarmed charge attack, move 5 ft. (Gharyn's monastic array) 1,400 
SP 

M77 Boots of dragonstriding +2 on Climb and Jump; 1/day gain climb speed equal to land speed for 10 rounds 1,500 M78 Boots of the mountain king Ignore some movement-based penalties and skill checks 1,500 M76 Boots of the battle charger 2/day charge as standard action 2,000 M94 Dimension stride boots +2 on Jump; 5 charges/day, teleport up to 60 ft. 2,000 M130 Rock boots +4 on Str checks to avoid bull rushes or trips; 5/day ignore difficult terrain 2,000 M131 Sandals of sprinting 3/day +30 ft. enhancement bonus to land speed until start of next turn 2,300 D250 Boots of elvenkind +5 on Move Silently 2,500 M77 Boots of jumping Running jump more easily; 3 charges/day, bonus on Jump 2,500 D250 Boots of the winterlands Move across ice and snow at normal speed, endure cold 2,500 M77 Boots of desperation 3/day gain movement and dodge bonuses when at half hit points or lower 2,800 M145 Vanguard treads Various stability- and movement-based effects 3,100 M136 Skirmisher boots Make more effective skirmish attacks and mobile attacks 3,200 M119 Quicksilver boots 2/day make an extra move up to land speed, even over liquid 3,500 M79 Boots of the unending journey Fharlanghn: +10-ft. enhancement bonus to speed plus relic powers 4,000 
R

D266 Slippers of spider climbing Walk on walls or ceiling with speed 20 ft. 4,800 M78 Boots of swift passage 5/day teleport 20 ft. 5,000 M79 Boots of tremorsense 3/day tremorsense out to 30 ft. for 5 rounds 5,000 D250 Boots of striding and springing +10-ft. enhancement bonus to speed, +5 on Jump 5,500 M76 Boots of big stepping +2 caster level with teleportation spells; 1/day teleport up to 60 ft. 6,000 M78 Boots of sidestepping 3/day take one free 5-foot step 6,000 M109 Gwaeron's boots Continuous pass without trace, undetectable by scent 6,000 M78 Boots of skating +10-ft. enhancement bonus to land speed, +20-ft. bonus on decline 7,000 D250 Boots of levitation Levitate at will 7,500 M198 Sandals of the light step Various free movement effects (fleet warrior's array) 9,000 
SP 

M131 Sandals of springing +10 on Jump 10,000 M79 Boots of tracklessness Leave no tracks; 1/day become invisible as greater invisibility for 7 rounds 11,000 D250 Boots of speed Haste self 10 rounds total per day 12,000 M121 Riding boots +5 on Ride during combat, other mounted combat bonuses 12,000 M112 Incarnum focus (boots) +1 to essentia capacity of soulmelds occupying feet chakra 15,000 D250 Winged boots 3/day fly for 5 minutes 16,000 M78 Boots of the mountain king, Ignore some movement-based penalties and skill checks; 1/day stoneskin 21,500 
greater M79 Boots of temporal acceleration 1/day enter another time frame for 2 rounds 43,000 D250 Boots of teleportation 3/day teleport 49,000 M206 Cloudwalker anklets Air walk, works in wild shape (raiment of the Stormwalker) 50,000 
SP 

HANDS Page Item Name Effect Market Price (gp) M72 Arcanist's gloves 2/day +2 to caster level of next 1st-level arcane spell cast before end of turn 500 M83 Brute gauntlets 3 charges/day, bonuses on Str checks, Str-based skill checks, melee damage 500 M120 Reach gauntlets 3/day expend 1 power point to extend melee reach by 5 ft. until end of turn 500 M82 Brawler's gauntlets 3/day +2 on grapple checks and damage with unarmed strikes for 1 round 1,000 M102 Gauntlets of energy transformation 3/day change energy type produced by any weapon you hold for 1 round 1,000 M107 Cloves of spell disruption Enhances ability to interrupt opponents' spells 1,000 M113 Lightning gauntlets 3 charges/day, deal electricity damage to adjacent target 1,000 M204 Gloves of the starry sky Emits light, 3/day magic missile (raiment of the four) 1,100 
SP 

M62 Adamantine mind blade gauntlets Mind blade is granted powers akin to adamantine 2,000 M93 Devastation gauntlets 3 charges/day, bonus damage on critical hits 2,000 M101 Gauntlets of arrow reflection 3/day redirect ranged weapons toward attacker if you have Deflect Arrows 2,000 M103 Gauntlets of extended range Doubles range increment of thrown weapons and objects 2,000 M103 Gauntlets of giantfelling 3/day gain bonus on next damage roll against creature larger than you 2,000 M104 Gauntlets of throwing 3/day grant melee weapon throwing and returning abilities 2,000 M105 Gloves of fortunate striking 1/day reroll 1 attack roll 2,000 M106 Gloves of lightning 3/day ranged touch attack dealing 1d8+5 points of electricity damage 2,000 M105 Gloves of agile striking 2/day +1d6 damage with ranged and light weapons, +2d6 during skirmish attacks 2,200 M121 Repelling gauntlets 1/day repel and halt an enemy moving into a square adjacent to you 2,300 M105 Gloves of eldritch admixture 3 charges/day, bonus energy damage with eldritch blasts 2,500 M106 Gloves of manual prowess 3 charges/day, bonuses to some Dex-based skill checks 3,000 
HANDS (cont.) 
Page  Item Name  Effect  Market Price (gp)  
M107  Gloves of object reading  Learn details of object's previous owner  3,000  
M136  Soulsmite gauntlets  Uninvest essentia for attack bonuses when using smite opposition  3,000  
M107  Cloves of the uldra savant  Create ray of frost at will; 3/day melee weapon gains frost property for 5 rounds  3,100  
M111  Hellcat gauntlets  3/day next spell deals additional ld6 slashing damage per spell level  3,200  
M100  Finned gauntlets  Swim speed 30 ft., can always take 10 on Swim, can run while swimming  3,500  
M144  True strike gauntlets  1/day +20 on next attack made before end of next turn  3,500  
M121  Rending gauntlets  Masterwork spiked gauntlets, 3/day gain rending effect  3,610  
M216  Gauntlets of ghost  fighting  Ignore miss chance, +1d6 melee damage to incorporeal creatures (wraith's woe)  4,000  
D257  Gauntlets of ogre power  S P  +2 enhancement bonus to Str  4,000  
M103  Gauntlets of the talon  Bahamut: Natural claw attacks plus relic powers  4,000  
D257  RGloves of arrow snaring  2/day gain the benefit of the Snatch Arrows feat  4,000  
D257  Gloves of Dexterity +2  +2 enhancement bonus to Dex  4,000  
M203  Barbs of  retribution  1/day force enemy to reroll save with penalty (instruments of the blood gift)  4,500  
M102  S P Gauntlets of eldritch energy  3/day imbue eldritch blasts with specific energy type  5,000  
M103  Gauntlets of lassitude  3/day melee touch attack with slow effect that lasts 5 rounds  5,000  
M113  Ki straps  +2 enhancement bonus to DC of Stunning Fist attacks  5,000  
M199  Claw  gloves  +7 punching daggers, extra benefits when you charge or Spring Attack  5,604  
SP  (garb of the hunting cat)  
M101  Gauntlets of the blood-lord  Hextor: +1 spiked gauntlets plus relic powers  5,120  
M104  RGauntlets of weaponry arcane  Weapons overcome damage reduction as silver weapons  6,000  
M144  Toxic gloves  3/day imbue a melee weapon with poison effective on next attack  6,000  
D257  Gloves of swimming  +5 on Swim and Climb  6,250  
and climbing  
M101  Gauntlets of the blazing arc  3/day create cone-shaped burst of flame that deals 4d4+4 fire damage  6,300  
M101  Gauntlet of infinite blades  Creates mundane dagger; 5 charges/day, creates magic daggers  6,500  
M192  Gauntlets of  destruction  +2 to Str, 3/day treat attack as adamantine (armor of the watching master)  6,610  
M194  Gloves of endless S P javelins  Create temporary +1 javelins  (array of the manticore)  7,000  
M105  Gloves of flame  S P  Resistance to cold 5 and endure elements against cold; 5/day flame effects  7,000  
M105  Gloves of the balanced hand  Fight as with Two-Weapon Fighting, additional bonuses for those with the feat  8,000  
M106  Gloves of incarnum theft  Steal 1 point of essentia from target with unarmed melee touch attack  8,000  
M116  Mesmerist's gloves  2/day affect one extra target with an enchantment spell of 3rd level or lower  8,000  
M101  Gauntlet of Gruumsh  +1 gauntlet, 3/day make melee touch attack to blind target for 1 hour  8,302  
M95  Dragonfang gauntlets  +2 enhancement bonus to Strength, various attack-based bonuses and effects  8,610  
M104  Ghoul gauntlets  1/round make melee touch attack with paralysis effect  10,000  
D257  Glove of storing  Stores one item in stasis  10,000  
M117  Mind blade gauntlet, lesser  Mind blade manifests with a specific weapon property with price modifier +1  10,000  
M139  Storm gauntlets  +1 spiked gauntlets, resistance to electricity 5; 4 charges/day,  10,604  
various electricity-based effects  
M103  Gauntlets of mindfire  1/day create cone of mindfire sickness  11,000  
D257  Gauntlet of rust  1/day affect object as rusting grasp, wearer and gear protected from rust  11,500  
M107  Gloves of the titan's grip  3/day +8 on grapple checks for 7 rounds  14,000  
M112  Incarnum focus (gauntlets)  +1 to essentia capacity of soulmelds occupying hands chakra  15,000  
D257  Gloves of Dexterity +4  +4 enhancement bonus to Dex  16,000  
M84  Casting glove  Store item in stasis, can activate or consume stored item  20,000  
M117  Mind blade gauntlet  Mind blade manifests with a specific weapon property with price modifier +2  24,000  
D257  Gloves of Dexterity +6  +6 enhancement bonus to Dex  36,000  
M117  Mind blade gauntlet, greater  Mind blade manifests with a specific weapon property with price modifier +3  42,000  

HEAD  
Page  Item Name  Effect  Market Price (gp)  
M147  Watch lamp  Creates torchlike light at shoulder  500  
M211  Burning  veil  Deal 1d6 fire damage to target damaged by your fire spell (seven veils)  1,000  
D264  SP Phylactery of faithfulness  Know if something could adversely affect your alignment or standing with deity  1,000  
M72  Bear helm  1/day take half damage from one sneak attack or critical hit while raging  1,500  
M110  Headband of the lorebinder  +4 on bardic knowledge checks, 3/day read magic  1,600  
D258  Hat of disguise  Disguise self at will  1,800  
M109  Headband of conscious effort  1/day make a Concentration check in place of a required Fortitude save  2,000  
M111  Helm of battle  3/day +2 on next bull rush, disarm, overrun, sunder, or trip attempt  2,000  
M208  Helm of  tactics  3/day +1 to minor aura or allies deal +2 damage to flanked foes (regalia of the hero)  2,000  
M87  S P Circlet of solace  3/day next healing spell also grants +5 on various saving throws for 1 minute  3,000  
M97  Essentia helm  3 charges/day, temporarily adds essentia to essentia receptacles  3,000  
M132  Scout's headband  +2 on Spot; 3 charges/day, provides vision-based bonuses  3,400  
D258  Headband of intellect +2  +2 enhancement bonus to Int  4,000  
M87  Circlet of wild surging  3/day when using wild surge while manifesting a power, +1 to manifester level  4,200  
D252  Circlet of persuasion  +3 on Charisma-based checks  4,500  

HEAD (cont.) 
Page 
M11 M86 M111 M119 D259 
M111 M111 M97 D252 M193 M118 M215 M114 M112 M117 M209 M194 M71 M99 D264 M109 M75 M86 M112 D258 M139 M73 D252 D259 D259 D258 D259 D258 

RINGS Page M122 M122 M122 M123 M124 M126 D232 M127 D232 M83 D230 D232 D233 D233 M114 M126 M206 
D230 M128 M122 M125 M123 M121 M123 M127 M128 M125 
Item Name 
Helm of the purple plume 
R
Circlet of mages Helm of gazes Platinum helm 
R
Helm of comprehend 
languages and read magic Helm of glorious recovery Helm of heroes Executioner's hood 
R
Circlet of blasting, minor Helm of wounding sight 
SP 
Phoenix helm Phylactery of virtue 
SP 
Lore gem Horned helm Mindvault Crown of flames 
SP 
Helm of the hunter 
SP 
Angelhelm Fiendhelm Phylactery of undead turning Hat of anonymity Blindhelm Circlet of rapid casting Incarnum focus (circlet) Headband of intellect +4 Surge crystal Beholder crown Circlet of blasting, major Helm of underwater action Helm of telepathy Headband of intellect +6 Helm of teleportation Helm of brilliance 
Item Name 
Ring of brief blessing Ring of communication Ring of the darkhidden Ring of floating Ring of four winds Ring of piercing spells Ring of protection +1 Ring of silent spells Ring of feather falling Brute ring Ring of climbing Ring of jumping Ring of sustenance Ring of swimming Lockpicking ring Ring of mystic healing Stormfire ring 
SP 
Ring of counterspells Ring of vengeance Ring of arming Ring of master artifice, lesser Ring of the forcewall Ring of adamantine touch Ring of essentia Ring of thunderclaps Ring of water breathing Ring of mystic defiance 

Effect Market Price (gp) 
Heironeous: +2 enhancement bonus to Cha plus relic powers +2 on Concentration; 3 charges/day, retain spell slots after casting 3/day absorb gaze attack requiring a save Bahamut: Immunity to frightful presence of evil dragons plus relic powers Understand all languages and text, +5 on Decipher Script for incomplete messages 1/day heals 4d8+7 points of damage 1/day use grant move action ability to grant allies melee attacks instead Erythnul: Coup de grace as standard action plus relic powers 1/day searing light Light at will, 3/day 60-ft. blinding fire cone (armor of the watching master) Low-light vision; 1/day each featherfall, resist energy, speak with animals (birds) +2 bonus on some saves, 2/day death ward (vestments of divinity) +2 on all Knowledge, acts as a spellbook with a capacity of 30 spell levels Gain secondary gore attack dealing 1d8 damage + 1/2 Str bonus 1/day immune to mind-affecting effects but dazed for 1 round +2 to Cha, 1/day fire shield for 5 rounds (regalia of the phoenix) +5 on Spot, Far Shot, 1/day vision bonuses for 4 hours (array of the manticore) Emulate certain traits of celestial beings Emulate certain traits of evil extraplanar creatures Turn undead as if four levels higher +5 on Hide, under continuous nondetection effect Blindsense out to 5 ft., +5 bonus on saves against gaze attacks 3 charges/day, cast spells as swift actions +1 to essentia capacity of soulmelds occupying crown chakra +4 enhancement bonus to Int 5 charges/day, increase manifester level for next power manifested in round Create ray effects as a beholder 1/day maximized searing light See five times farther underwater, breathe underwater on command Detect thoughts at will, send telepathic messages, 1/day suggestion +6 enhancement bonus to Int 3/day teleport Create various energy- and light-based effects 
4,500 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,200 
5,600 5,600 6,000 6,480 6,500 6,500 6,500 7,500 8,000 8,000 8,500 9,000 
10,000 10,000 11,000 12,500 15,000 15,000 15,000 16,000 18,000 20,000 23,760 24,000 27,000 36,000 73,500 125,000 

Effect Market Price (gp) 
1/day weapon attack or unarmed strike considered magic and good-aligned 1,000 Can hear all words spoken by wearers of attuned rings within 1 mile 2,000 Invisible to darkvision 2,000 Float on any liquid, rise at speed of 30 ft. if underwater 2,000 4/day +2 to AC against a single attack or gain feather fall 2,000 3/day next melee touch spell that targets flanked foe deals +2d6 damage 2,000 +1 deflection bonus to AC 2,000 1/day create silence effect and while in that area, you can cast spells silently 2,000 Triggers feather fail if you fall more than 5 ft. 2,200 2/day blast of force makes bull rush attack against opponent 2,300 +5 on Climb 2,500 +5 on Jump 2,500 Nourished, 2 hours of sleep gives benefit of 8 hours 2,500 +5 on Swim 2,500 +5 on Open Lock, 1/day knock 3,500 +1 caster level with healing spells; 3 charges/day, healing spells more potent 3,500 5/day faerie fire deals damage for 5 rounds, works in wild shape 4,000 (raiment of the Stormwalker) 
Counter a stored spell of 1st to 6th level 4,000 3/day when critical hit is scored on you, attacker takes 5d6 points of damage 4,500 Swap current armor and weapons with another set stored inside ring, at will 5,000 Cain 1 bonus 1st-level and 2nd-level infusion per day 5,000 3 charges/day, creates 10-ft.-square wall of force 5,100 Melee attacks treated as adamantine for overcoming DR 6,000 Ring can hold 1 point of essentia 6,000 3/day 1d8+5 electricity damage with melee touch attack; 1/day shout 6,000 Breathe freely underwater 6,000 3/day ignore up to 10 points of damage from a spell or spell-like ability 7,500 
RINGS (cont.) 
Page  Item Name  Effect  Market Price (gp)  
M125  Ring of mystic fire  +1 caster level with fire spells; 3 charges/day, fire spells more damaging  7,500  
M126  Ring of mystic lightning  +1 caster level with electricity spells; 3 charges/day, electricity spells more damaging  7,500  
M121  Ring of antivenom  1/day neutralize poison, self only  8,000  
M123  Ring of entropic deflection  Create entropic shield effect for 1 round after moving at least 10 ft.  8,000  
D232  Ring of mind shielding  Immune to detect thoughts, discern lies, magical discernments of alignment  8,000  
D232  Ring of protection +2  +2 deflection bonus to AC  8,000  
D232  Ring of force shield  Generate shieldlike wall of force on command  8,500  
D232  Ring of the ram  Creates force effect that can make bull rush attacks, open heavy doors  8,600  
M122  Ring of avoidance  3/day +20 to AC until beginning of next turn  10,000  
D230  Ring of improved climbing  +10 on Climb  10,000  
D232  Ring of improved jumping  +10on jump  10,000  
D233  Ring of improved swimming  +10 on Swim  10,000  
M126  Ring of self-sufficiency  +10 on Autohypnosis  10,000  
M127  Ring of soulbound protection  +1 to AC; stores up to 2 points of essentia for extra bonuses  10,000  
D230  Ring of animal friendship  Charm animal at will  10,800  
M125  Ring of lightning flashes  3/day 5d6 electricity damage to creatures within 5 ft.  11,500  
D232  Ring of energy resistance, minor  Resistance 10 to one type of energy  12,000  
M127  Ring of spell-battle  Aware of all spellcasting in area; 1/day dispel magic as a counterspell  12,000  
D230  Ring of chameleon power  +10 on Hide, disguise self at will  12,700  
D233  Ring of water walking  Continuous water walk  15,000  
M122  Ring of dragon friendship  Communication and diplomacy bonuses when dealing with dragon creatures  16,000  
M124  Ring of greater counterspells  Counter a stored spell of 1st—6th level, 1/day attempt to counterspell one spell  16,000  
M122  Ring of divergence  Resistance 10 to specific energy, 1/day reflect spells of that energy type  18,000  
M124  Ring of the icy soul  Cain resistance to cold 20 but gain vulnerability to fire  18,000  
D232  Ring of protection +3  +3 deflection bonus to AC  18,000  
D233  Ring of spell storing, minor  Cast up to three levels of spells stored in the ring  18,000  
M75  Bone ring  3 charges/day, protected from energy drain and ability drain  20,000  
M121  Ring of arcane might  +1 to arcane caster level  20,000  
D232  Ring of invisibility  Invisibility at will  20,000  
D233  Ring of wizardry I  Doubles 1st-level spells per day  20,000  
D232  Ring of evasion  Grants evasion ability  25,000  
M125  Ring of master artifice  Gain 1 bonus 3rd-level and 4th-level infusion per day  25,000  
D233  Ring of X-ray vision  See into and through solid matter  25,000  
M127  Ring of soulbound  +1 to AC; stores up to 4 points of essentia for extra bonuses  26,000  
protection, greater  
D230  Ring of blinking  Blink at will  27,000  
D232  Ring of energy resistance, major  Resistance 20 to one type of energy  28,000  
M128  Ring of vanishing  3/day become nearly undetectable for 2 rounds  30,000  
M128  Rings of force armor (pair)  +5 armor bonus to AC, attackers take damage, bonuses against incorporeal  30,000  
D232  Ring of protection +4  +4 deflection bonus to AC  32,000  
M126  Ring of negative protection  Various protections against negative energy  36,000  
M126  Ring of positive protection  Various protections against positive energy  36,000  
D232  Ring of freedom of movement  Continuous freedom of movement  40,000  
D233  Ring of wizardry II  Doubles 2nd-level spells per day  40,000  
D232  Ring of energy resistance, greater  Resistance 30 to one type of energy  44,000  
M126  Ring of nine lives  9 charges, heals you at 0 hp or fewer, or succeed on one failed save per day  45,000  
D232  Ring of friend shield (pair)  Use shield other on wearer of mated ring, at will  50,000  
D232  Ring of protection +5  +5 deflection bonus to AC  50,000  
D232  Ring of shooting stars  Create various light- and lightning-themed effects  50,000  
D233  Ring of spell storing  Cast up to five levels of spells stored in the ring  50,000  
M128  Ring of universal energy  Resistance 10 to all types of energy  60,000  
resistance, minor  
M125  Ring of master artifice, greater  Gain 1 bonus 5th-level and 6th-level infusion per day  61,000  
D233  Ring of wizardry III  Doubles 3rd-level spells per day  70,000  
D233  Ring of telekinesis  Telekinesis at will  75,000  
D232  Ring of regeneration  Heal damage quickly over time, regenerate body parts  90,000  
D233  Ring of three wishes  Use wish three times  97,950  
D233  Ring of spell turning  3/day reflect nine levels of spells as spell turning  98,280  
D233  Ring of wizardry IV  Doubles 4th-level spells per day  100,000  
M128  Ring of universal energy  Resistance 20 to all types of energy  120,000  
resistance, major  
D230  Ring of djinni calling  Djinni serves you for up to 1 hour/day  125,000  
M128  Ring of universal energy  Resistance 30 to all types of energy  180,000  
resistance, greater  
D231  Ring of elemental command (air)  Creates various air-themed effects  200,000  

RINGS (cont.) 
Page  Item Name  
D231  Ring of elemental command (earth)  
D231  Ring of elemental command (fire)  
D231  Ring of elemental command (water)  
D233  Ring of spell storing, major  

SHOULDERS 
Page 
M118 M87 D253 M87 M197 M84 M120 M89 D253 M87 M145 D253 D253 M133 
M148 M88 M95 M88 M144 M108 D253 M88 M200 
D253 D252 M89 M212 M115 M148 M88 
D252 M112 D253 D253 M147 
M87 D253 D253 D252 M88 D253 M88 D253 M210 D268 D253 D261 D261 

THROAT Page M131 M85 M70 M68 
Item Name 
Piercer cloak Cloak of elemental protection Cloak of resistance +1 Cloak of predatory vigor Standard of valor 
SP 
Cape of the viper Rearguard's cape Cloak of weaponry Cloak of elvenkind Cloak of quills Vanisher cloak Cloak of Charisma +2 Cloak of resistance +2 Scry shroud 
White cloak of the spider Cloak of soulbound resistance Dragonscale cloak 
R
Cloak of the salamander Transposer cloak Greater piwafwi Cloak of the manta ray Cloak of stone Mantle of the predator 
SP 
Cloak of resistance +3 Cape of the mountebank Cloak of turn resistance Veil of doors 
SP 
Mantle of second chances Water cloak Cloak of soulbound 
resistance, greater Cloak of arachnida Incarnum focus (cloak) Cloak of Charisma +4 Cloak of resistance +4 War wizard cloak 
Cloak of battle Cloak of displacement, minor Cloak of resistance +5 Cloak of the bat Cloak of thorns Cloak of Charisma +6 Cloak of the salamander, greater Cloak of displacement, major Phoenix cloak 
SP 
Wings of flying Cloak of etherealness Mantle of faith Mantle of spell resistance 
Item Name 
Safewing emblem Charm of countersong Amulet of toxin delay Amber amulet of vermin, 
giant bee 
Effect 
Creates various earth-themed effects 
Creates various fire-themed effects 
Creates various water-themed effects 

Cast up to ten levels of spells stored in the ring 
EffectMarket Price (gp) 
200,000 200,000 200,000 200,000 
 Market Price (gp) 

3/day attacks made from higher ground deal extra damage  900  
1/day resistance 10 against energy type of your choice for 1 round  1,000  
+1 resistance bonus on all saving throws  1,000  
2/day heal damage equal to your HD while raging  1,400  
1/day grant ally extra save against fear effect (five virtues)  1,400  
3 charges/day, transform into a viper for 7 rounds  2,000  
1/day +2 to minor and major auras when outnumbered, marshal only  2,000  
Store one Medium weapon  2,300  
+5 on Hide  2,500  
5/day while grappling, deal ld6 points of damage to grappling opponent  2,500  
3 charges/day, you and allies become briefly invisible  2,500  
+2 enhancement bonus to Cha  4,000  
+2 resistance bonus on all saving throws  4,000  
+5 on saves against divinations; if you detect scrying sensor,  4,000  
become invisible for 10 rounds  
+2 on saves against poison; 1/day spider climb, hold person  4,200  
+1 on all saving throws; stores up to 2 points of essentia for extra bonuses  5,000  
Tiamat: Resistance 5 to energy type of choice plus relic power  5,000  
3/day deals 1d6+7 points of fire damage to any creature striking you in melee  6,000  
3/day switch positions with another creature within 30 ft.  6,000  
Resistance to fire 5; +5 on Hide  6,500  
Become a manta ray, as the polymorph spell, upon entering salt water  7,200  
+5 on Hide and Move Silently; 1/day meld into stone  8,000  
+5 on Hide and Move Silently, +1d6 if target is denied Dex bonus to AC  8,000  
(garb of the hunting cat)  
+3 resistance bonus on all saving throws  9,000  
1/day dimension door  10,080  
+4 bonus to turn resistance  11,000  
Dismiss creature damaged by your summoned creature (seven veils)  11,000  
1/day reroll any one roll  12,000  
+5 on Reflex against fire effects, various fire-negating abilities  12,000  
+1 on all saving throws; stores up to 4 points of essentia for extra bonuses  13,000  
Various web and spider-based effects  14,000  
+1 to essentia capacity of soulmelds occupying shoulders chakra  15,000  
+4 enhancement bonus to Cha  16,000  
+4 resistance bonus on all saving throws  16,000  
Continuous endure elements, feather fall; 1/day dimension door, mage armor,  16,000  
protection from arrows, sending  
+4 armor bonus to AC, turns into +1/+1 quarterstaff, 3/day disarm attempt  22,000  
Continuous 20% miss chance  24,000  
+5 resistance bonus on all saving throws  25,000  
+5 on Hide; hang from ceiling, fly, polymorph into a bat at will  26,000  
+2 to natural armor, creatures striking you in melee take ld4+3 damage  26,000  
+6 enhancement bonus to Cha  36,000  
Deals 1d6+7 points of fire damage to any creature striking you in melee  36,000  
As the displacement spell (50% miss chance), 15 rounds total per day  50,000  
Fly at your land speed with perfect maneuverability (regalia of the phoenix)  50,000  

Fly 60 ft. with good maneuverability, at will As ethereal jaunt for 10 minutes total per day Damage reduction 5/evil Spell resistance 21 

Effect Featherfall up to 180 ft., 1 time Use countersong to interrupt a sonic attack 1/day delay poison for 2 rounds 1/day summons a giant bee to serve you for 1 minute 54,000 55,000 76,000 90,000 
Market Price (gp) 250 400 400 500 

THROAT (cont.) THROAT (cont.) 
Page  Item Name  Effect  Market Price (gp)  
M68  Amulet of aquatic salvation  1/day breathe water for 5 rounds  500  
M85  Chronocharm of the  1/day reroll one Listen or Spot check  500  
celestial wanderer  
M85  Chronocharm of the fateweaver  1/day reroll one Balance, Climb, or Tumble check  500  
M86  Chronocharm of the  1/day +5 dodge bonus to AC against one ranged attack  500  
grand master  
M86  Chronocharm of the  1/day move up to half your speed as a swift action  500  
horizon walker  
M86  Chronocharm of the  1/day reroll one Disable Device check  500  
laughing rogue  
M86  Chronocharm of the  1/day cast one spell of 3rd level or lower with casting time of 1 full round  500  
uncaring archmage  as a standard action  
M139  Symbol of transfiguration  3/day purify food and drink, 1/day align weapon (good) for 1 round  500  
M118  Necklace of copper dragon scales  Resistance to acid 5 for 1 hour, 6 uses  570  
M148  Wink brooch  3/day +2 on Bluff or Diplomacy check  600  
M68  Amber amulet of vermin,  1/day summons a giant praying mantis to serve you for 1 minute  700  
giant praying mantis  
M68  Amber amulet of vermin,  1/day summons a giant queen ant to serve you for 1 minute  700  
giant queen ant  
M68  Amber amulet of vermin,  1/day summons a Huge monstrous centipede to serve you for 1 minute  700  
Huge monstrous centipede  
M68  Amber amulet of vermin,  1/day summons a Huge monstrous scorpion to serve you for 1 minute  700  
Huge monstrous scorpion  
M68  Amber amulet of vermin,  1/day summons a Large monstrous spider to serve you for 1 minute  700  
Large monstrous spider  
M90  Crest of bravery  3 charges/day, bolster yourself and allies against fear if you have aura of courage  750  
M68  Amber amulet of vermin,  1/day summons a giant wasp to serve you for 1 minute  800  
giant wasp  
D258  Hand of the mage  Mage hand at will  900  
M83  Brooch of stability  1/day automatically stabilized if at -1 hp or lower  1,000  
M96  Eagle claw talisman  3/day +5 on Str checks made to break or burst an item  1,000  
M120  Reliquary holy symbol  Grants additional uses of turn or rebuke undead  1,000  
M68  Amber amulet of vermin,  1/day summons a giant stag beetle to serve you for 1 minute  1,200  
giant stag beetle  
M116  Medal of gallantry  +2 on Diplomacy, -2 on Bluff; 3/day sanctuary (self only)  1,350  
M148  Wyrmfang amulet  Unarmed strikes and natural weapon attacks overcome DR as magic weapons  1,350  
M208  Badge of valor  3/day allies gain +2 against charm/fear or +1 to inspire courage (regalia of the hero)  1,400  
D250  S P Brooch of shielding  Absorb up to 101 points of damage from magic missile  1,500  
M96  Empowered spellshard,  3/day empower specific 1st-level spell  1,500  
1st-level spell  
M97  Enduring amulet  Protected by endure elements spell; 3 charges/day, resistance to cold and fire  1,500  
M196  Medal of steadfast  honor  Immediately stand if knocked prone (five virtues)  1,500  
M105  Githborn talisman  SP  3/day various bonuses against aberrations  1,800  
D246  Amulet of natural armor +1  +1 enhancement bonus to natural armor  2,000  
M69  Amulet of retributive healing  3/day healed for as much damage as you heal others  2,000  
M70  Amulet of teamwork  You and allies gain bonuses; 1/day gain +5 bonus to AC for 1 round  2,000  
M95  Dragon spirit amulet  3/day draconic aura effective to 60 ft. for 1 round  2,000  
M138  Spellsink scarab  3 charges/day, reduces damage from spells and psionic powers  2,000  
M143  Torc of displacement  3 charges/day, gain concealment for 1 round  2,000  
M69  Amulet of incarnum shielding  7 charges, immune to one incarnum-draining or soulmeld-unshaping effect  2,100  
M97  Enemy spirit pouch  +1 on attack rolls against creatures of a specific type, extra bonus for rangers  2,100  
M70  Amulet of tears  3 charges/day, gain temporary hit points for 10 minutes  2,300  
D266  Golembane scarab  Detect golems within 60 ft., overcome golems' damage reduction  2,500  
M90  Contact medallion  3/day Rary's telepathic bond with one creature within 1 mile, for 1 minute  3,000  
M96  Empowered spellshard,  3/day empower specific 2nd-level spell  3,000  
2nd-level spell  
M110  Heartseeking amulet  3/day treat next melee attack as melee touch attack  3,000  
M82  Brooch of avoidance  3/day +4 dodge bonus against attacks of opportunity until end of turn  3,100  
M120  Reins of ascension  3 charges/day, grant mount jumping and flying abilities  3,300  
M143  Torc of the titans  3/day +5 on Str checks, Str-based skill checks, melee damage rolls for 1 round  3,300  
M214  Badge of  glory  2/day deal +1 melee damage/2 levels to evil creature (vestments of divinity)  3,400  
D246  S P Amulet of health +2  +2 enhancement bonus to Con  4,000  
M118  Necklace of warning  +2 to flat-footed AC  4,000  
M118  Pendant of joy  +2 on Diplomacy checks to creatures within 30 ft. (1 power point required)  4,000  
D263  Periapt of Wisdom +2  +2 enhancement bonus to Wis  4,000  

Page  Item Name  Effect  Market Price (gp)  
M143  Torc of power preservation  5/day spend 1 less power point than normal when manifesting a power  4,000  
M104  Gem of the glitterdepth  Carl Glittergold: +2 enhancement bonus to Wis plus relic powers  4,500  
M69  RAmulet of fortune prevailing  1/day reroll one saving throw  5,000  
M89  Collar of healing  Know animal's hit point total; 1/day cure 50 points of damage to animal  5,000  
M109  Hand of the oak father  Various druid spell-like abilities  5,000  
M144  Vampire torc  2/day heal damage equal to half the melee damage you deal  5,000  
M68  Amulet of emergency healing  3/day heal ld4+5 points of damage, even to creatures under-9 hp  6,000  
D246  Amulet of mighty fists +1  +1 enhancement bonus on attacks and damage with unarmed attacks  6,000  
and natural weapons  
M71  Amulet of wordtwisting  +2 on Bluff, Diplomacy, Intimidate, Sense Motive; orcs gain +4 and 1/day tongues  6,000  
M96  Empowered spellshard,  3/day empower specific 3rd-level spell  6,000  
3rd-level spell  
M99  Farspeaking amulet  3/day converse with four linked characters for 10 minutes  6,000  
M205  Periapt of the sullen  sea  Hold breath 12 hours, 2/day freedom of movement (raiment of the four)  6,000  
M143  Torc of heroic sacrifice  SP  1/day take damage dealt to a single ally with 30 ft.  6,000  
M144  Unicorn pendant  1/day cure moderate wounds, neutralize poison; extra bonus for paladins  6,000  
M136  Skull plaque  Undead have -2 on attacks against you, 1/day death knell, detect undead  6,200  
D263  Periapt of health  Immunity to disease  7,400  
D246  Amulet of natural armor +2  +2 enhancement bonus to natural armor  8,000  
M85  Chasuble of fell power  +ld6 points of damage with eldritch blasts or chaotic damaging spells  8,000  
M100  Flesh ring of scorn  3/day automatically confirm critical threats, but take damage  8,000  
D258  Hand of glory  Extra ring slot, 1/day each use daylight and see invisibility  8,000  
M195  Medallion of aerial  defense  DR 10/magic against ranged attacks if you or foe is airborne (array of the manticore)  8,000  
M119  Psionatrix  SP  +1 to save DC of powers of a specific psionic discipline  8,000  
M132  Scentblinder  Undetectable by the scent ability  8,000  
M71  Ankh of ascension  3/day gain +4 caster level bonus by sacrificing divine spell or spell slot  9,000  
M84  Cat's-eye brooch  +1 on all saving throws, +4 on saving throws against disease  9,000  
D263  Necklace of adaptation  Immune to harmful vapors and gases, can always breathe  9,000  
M121  Retributive amulet  3/day creature attacking you takes damage equal to half what it dealt  9,000  
M69  Amulet of inviolate form  7 charges, protects against shape- or composition-changing attacks  11,000  
M203  Blood claw  choker  +2 to Con, 2/day regain sorcerer spell slot (instruments of the blood gift)  12,000  
D262  S P Medallion of thoughts  Detect thoughts, at will  12,000  
M100  Fireflower pendant  Resistance to fire 10; 1/hour immunity to fire until start of next turn  13,000  
M216  Choker of life  protection  Protection from 3 negative levels/day, +2 to AC against undead (wraith's woe)  14,000  
M72  Badge of the svirfneblin  S P  Darkvision out to 30 ft., +5 on Hide; 1/day blur (self only)  15,000  
M112  Incarnum focus (amulet)  +1 to essentia capacity of soulmelds occupying throat chakra  15,000  
D264  Periapt of wound closure  Automatically stabilizes dying characters, increases natural healing  15,000  
M68  Amulet of catapsi  1/day creates 30-ft. radius of telepathic noise  16,000  
D246  Amulet of health +4  +4 enhancement bonus to Con  16,000  
D263  Periapt of Wisdom +4  +4 enhancement bonus to Wis  16,000  
M212  Serpent  veil  Poison target already affected by your arcane melee touch spell (seven veils)  16,000  
D246  S P Amulet of natural armor +3  +3 enhancement bonus to natural armor  18,000  
M85  Chasuble of fell power, greater  +2d6 points of damage with eldritch blasts or chaotic damaging spells  18,000  
M132  Scarab of stabilization  Automatically stabilize; once, if at -10 hp or below, instead stabilize at -1 hp  20,000  
D246  Amulet of mighty fists +2  +2 enhancement bonus on attacks and damage with unarmed attacks  24,000  
and natural weapons  
D263  Periapt of proof against poison  Immunity to poison  27,000  
D246  Amulet of natural armor +4  +4 enhancement bonus to natural armor  32,000  
D247  Amulet of proof against  Protection as nondetection spell  35,000  
detection and location  
D246  Amulet of health +6  +6 enhancement bonus to Con  36,000  
D263  Periapt of Wisdom +6  +6 enhancement bonus to Wis  36,000  
D266  Scarab of protection  Spell resistance 20, negates various types of attacks twelve times  38,000  
M70  Amulet of second chances  1/day undo all events of current round and begin turn again  40,000  
M132  Scarab of invulnerability  1/day immunity to all damage for 1 round  40,000  
D246  Amulet of natural armor +5  +5 enhancement bonus to natural armor  50,000  
D246  Amulet of mighty fists +3  +3 enhancement bonus on attacks and damage with unarmed attacks  54,000  
and natural weapons  
M95  Dragon's-eye amulet  +10 on Search and Spot, blindsense out to 30 ft.  55,000  
D246  Amulet of mighty fists +4  +4 enhancement bonus on attacks and damage with unarmed attacks  96,000  
and natural weapons  
D247  Amulet of the planes  Plane shift at will, DC 15 Intelligence check to specify ending location  120,000  
D246  Amulet of mighty fists +5  +5 enhancement bonus on attacks and damage with unarmed attacks  150,000  
and natural weapons  

TORSO Page 
M133 M215 M94 M147 M133 M146 M144 M83 M100 M119 M109 M139 M213 M147 M75 M99 M147 D268 MHO M216 MHO M114 M135 M134 M134 M136 M147 D268 M146 M135 M198 M195 M112 M134 M134 M134 M134 M135 M135 M135 M147 M130 M147 M112 M145 
WAIST Page 
M110 M74 M74 M212 M95 M136 M73 M215 M75 M73 M74 M74 M204 M73 M131 M137 D248 D248 
Item Name 
Shiftweave Ephod of authority 
SP 

Dispelling cord Vest of resistance +1 Sepulchral vest Vest of defense Tunic of steady spellcasting Burnoose of 1,001 thorns Formless vest Rags of restraint Hair shirt of suffering Surcoat of valor Veil of storms 
SP 

Vest of resistance +2 Bolt shirt Fiery tunic Vestments of ebonsilk 
R

Vest of escape Tabard of the great crusade 
R

Shirt of wraith stalking 
SP 

Tabard of the disembodied 
R

Lightning tunic Shirt of the leech Shirt of bone Shirt of chains Shirt of the treant Vest of resistance +3 Druid's vestment Vest of the master evoker Shirt of resilience Vest of free movement 
SP 

Winged vest 
SP 

Incarnum focus (vestments) Shirt of angels Shirt of demonskin Shirt of the fey Shirt of the inevitable Shirt of ironskin Shirt of the moon Shirt of slaadskin Vest of resistance +4 Rogue's vest Vest of resistance +5 Impervious vestment Vest of the archmagi 
Item Name 
Healing belt Belt of one mighty blow Belt of theft-healing Caustic veil 
SP 

Dragon spirit cincture Silkslick belt Belt of growth Cord of favor 
SP 

Belt of ultimate athleticism Belt of the champion 
R

Belt of hidden pouches Belt of priestly might Belt of the wide earth 
SP 

Belt of battle Ruby cincture of immutability Spare hand Monk's belt Belt of dwarvenkind 
Effect Market Price (gp) 
Mimics five specific outfits 500 Turn undead as if 1 level higher (vestments of divinity) 800 5/day +2 on dispel checks until end of turn 1,000 +1 on saving throws 1,000 3/day +5 on saves against effects generated by undead 2,000 3/day +2 to AC fighting defensively, or using total defense or Combat Expertise 2,000 +5 on Concentration 2,500 Various desert- and thorn-themed effects 3,000 1/day take half critical hit or sneak attack damage 3,200 Expend Stunning Fist or ki power to heal damage equal to monk or ninja level 3,200 +1 to natural armor; 1/day cure serious wounds on another 3,400 +1 to save DC of knight's challenge 4,000 Deal 4d6 electricity damage to target already damaged by your electricity spell (seven veils) 4,000 
+2 on saving throws 1/day teleport 60 ft. Resistance to fire 5; 1/dayfire shield and all weapons are flaming Lolth: +2 on all saving throws plus relic powers +4 on Open Lock, +6 on Escape Artist St. Cuthbert: +1 on all saves for you and allies within 20 ft. plus relic powers 
Hide from undead (wraith's woe) 
Nerull: 1/day become ethereal for 1 round plus relic powers 
3 charges/day, deal electricity damage to attackers for 3 rounds 
Automatically recognize healing spells, 3/day divert healing spells to you Damage reduction 3/bludgeoning Damage reduction 3/piercing Damage reduction 3/slashing 
+3 on saving throws 

Grants one additional use of wild shape per day 
Various evocation-enhancing and metamagic effects Damage reduction 3/magic 
3/day freedom of movement effect for 3 rounds (fleet warrior's array) 
5/day fly speed of 60 ft. for 5 rounds (array of the manticore) 
+1 to essentia capacity of soulmelds occupying heart chakra Damage reduction 3/evil Damage reduction 3/good Damage reduction 3/cold iron Damage reduction 3/chaotic Damage reduction 3/adamantine Damage reduction 3/silver Damage reduction 3/lawful 
+4 on all saving throws 
Various rogue-themed bonuses and effects 
+5 on all saving throws 
+5 armor bonus to AC; 1/day blade barrier that lasts for up to 18 min. 
Various powerful defensive, healing, and spellcasting effects 
Effect

+2 on Heal; 3 charges, heal damage with a touch 1/day extra damage on next melee attack before end of turn 3/day heal damage equal to level of one spell you steal Deal 2d6 acid damage to target damaged by your acid spell (seven veils) 
4,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,200 5,500 6,000 6,000 8,000 8,000 9,000 9,000 9,000 9,000 10,000 10,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 16,000 18,000 25,000 34,000 200,000 
 Market Price (gp) 750 1,500 2,000 2,000 

Breath weapon damage increased by 1 die, can increase breath weapon save DC  2,000  
Various bonuses on Escape Artist checks  2,000  
1/day affected as enlarge person for up to 10 minutes  3,000  
+5 on Sense Motive, 3/day divine favor (vestments of divinity)  3,000  
Take 10 on various skill checks, 1/day take 20 on one such skill check  3,600  
Kord: Functions as belt of giant strength +2 plus relic powers  4,500  
Holds items in 30 pockets, which function as small bags of holding  5,000  
+1 enhancement bonus to natural armor, +2 enhancement bonus to Strength  6,000  
Carrying capacity doubled, 2/day teleport (raiment of the four)  8,000  
+2 on initiative; 3 charges/day, perform extra actions  12,000  
1/day counter shapechanging and body-altering effects  12,000  
Holds items, animates further when powered with infusions  12,000  
AC and unarmed damage as monk of five levels higher, extra uses of stunning attack  13,000  
Bonuses and penalties on some Cha checks, gain some dwarf racial bonuses  14,900  

WAIS T (cont.) 
Page  Item Name  Effect  Market Price (gp)  
M93  Desperation chain  1/day cast one arcane spell of 3rd level or lower when you are helpless  15,000  
M112  Incarnum focus (belt)  +1 to essentia capacity of soulmelds occupying waist chakra  15,000  
D248  Belt of giant strength +4  +4 enhancement bonus to Str  16,000  
M109  Gwaeron's belt  1/day weapon is flaming for 12 rounds, 1/day wind walk  21,000  
D248  Belt of giant strength +6  +6 enhancement bonus to Str  36,000  

TOOLS Page Item Name Effect Market Price (gp) 
M152 Blessed bandage Immediately stabilizes target 10 D237 Scroll, 0-level spell Use a particular 0-level spell, once 12.5 
1

D237 Scroll, 1st-level spell Use a particular 1st-level spell, once 25 
1

P251 Oil of magic weapon Weapon gains +1 enhancement bonus 50 P215 Potion of cure light wounds Heal 1d8+1 points of damage 50 P226 Potion of endure elements Exist comfortably in extreme environments 50 P226 Potion of enlarge person Double in size 50 P249 Potion of mage armor +4 armor bonus to AC 50 P250 Potion of magic fang Natural weapon gains +1 enhancement bonus 50 P266 Potion of protection from +2 on saves and to AC, counter mind control, hedge out elementals/outsiders 50 
chaos/evil/good/law P271 Potion of remove fear Suppresses fear or gives +4 on saves against fear 50 P278 Potion of shield of faith +2 +2 bonus to AC 50 D264 Quaal's feather token, anchor Render a craft immobile for up to 1 day 50 M185 Skill shard +2 on next check with a specific skill 50 D268 Universal solvent Dissolves sovereign glue, tanglefoot bags, and kuo-toa adhesive 50 P205 Oil of bless weapon Weapon automatically confirms crits against evil foes, good-aligned 100 M156 Daylight pellet Throw to create illumination equivalent to daylight spell for 10 rounds 150 D255 Elixir of love Drinker is charmed with first person seen 150 D237 Scroll, 2nd-level spell Use a particular 2nd-level spell, once 150 
1

D268 Unguent of timelessness Once-living material resists passage of time 150 M160 Everfull mug 3/day fill with 12 ounces of water, ale, or wine 200 D264 Quaal's feather token, fan Provides enough wind to propel one ship for up to 8 hours 200 M185 Skill shard, greater +5 on next check with a specific skill 200 M188 Tanglepatch Throw to create entangle effect for 5 rounds, once 200 D255 Dust of tracelessness Conceals evidence of passage 250 D255 Elixir of hiding +10 on Hide 250 D255 Elixir of sneaking +10 on Move Silently 250 D255 Elixir of swimming +10 on Swim 250 D256 Elixir of vision +10 on Search 250 M162 Incense of concentration Prepare one extra 1st-level spell for the day, once 250 M162 Jumping caltrops Caltrops move 5 ft./round toward nearest enemy, 5 consecutive rounds per day 250 D266 Silversheen Gives weapon properties of alchemical silver for 1 hour 250 M153 Blight stone 5d6 damage to all plants and plant creatures in 10-ft. radius 300 M159 Elixir of flaming fists +ld6 points of fire damage with unarmed attacks for 3 minutes 300 P203 Potion of barkskin +2 +2 enhancement bonus to natural armor 300 P203 Potion of bear's endurance +4 enhancement bonus to Con 300 P206 Potion of blur Gain concealment 300 P207 Potion of bull's strength +4 enhancement bonus to Str 300 P208 Potion of cat's grace +4 enhancement bonus to Dex 300 P216 Potion of cure moderate wounds Heal 2d8+3 points of damage 300 P216 Potion of darkvision Gain darkvision out to 60 ft. 300 P217 Potion of delay poison Temporarily stop poison from harming you 300 P225 Potion of eagle's splendor +4 enhancement bonus to Cha 300 P233 Potion of fox's cunning +4 enhancement bonus to Int 300 P245 Potion or oil of invisibility Turn invisible 300 P272 Potion of lesser restoration Magical ability penalty is dispelled or ld4 ability damage is repaired 300 P248 Potion or oil of levitate Move up or down at will 300 P259 Potion of owl's wisdom +4 enhancement bonus to Wis 300 P271 Potion of remove paralysis Frees subject from paralysis or slow effect 300 P272 Potion of resist energy 10 Ignore 10 points of damage per attack from specified energy type 300 P278 Potion of shield of faith +3 +3 bonus to AC 300 P283 Potion of spider climb Can walk on walls or ceilings 300 D264 Quaal's feather token, bird Delivers a small written message, as a carrier pigeon 300 M186 Stench stone Target nauseated, creatures within 10 ft. sickened, once 300 M160 Everlasting rations 1/day creates trail rations for one Medium creature 350 D237 Scroll, 3rd-level spell Use a particular 3rd-level spell, once 375 
1

D245 Wand, 0-level spell Use a particular 0-level spell 50 times 375 
TOOLS (cont.) 
Page Item Name Effect Market Price (gp) 
M158 Electric eel elixir +1 to natural armor for 12 hours; melee touch attack w/electricity damage, once 400 M159 Essentia jewel +1 point of essentia to your essentia pool for 1 round, once 400 M163 Life ring Featherfall for up to four creatures, once 400 D264 Quaal's feather token, tree Produces a great oak tree 400 M161 Glitter stone Renders hidden creatures visible within 10-ft. radius, once 450 D264 Quaal's feather token, swan boat Produces a swan boat with speed 60 ft. on water for up to 1 day 450 M159 Eternal wand, 0-level spell 2/day use particular 0-level spell 460 M158 Dust of dispersion Create cloud that gives 50% miss chance to ranged attacks passing through 500 M158 Elixir of adamantine blood +10 temporary hp, +20 temporary hp if wearing adamantine armor 500 D256 Elixir of truth Drinker must say nothing but the truth for 10 minutes 500 M163 Magic bedroll Recover 1 extra hp per character level, gain endure elements when sleeping 500 D264 Quaal's feather token, whip Produces a +7 dancing whip for up to 1 hour 500 M188 Talisman of the disk 3 hours/day create Tenser's floating disk 500 M190 Troll gut rope Grows to 350 ft., up to 12 consecutive hours 500 P203 Potion of barkskin +3 +3 enhancement bonus to natural armor 600 P278 Potion of shield of faith +4 +4 bonus to AC 600 P272 Potion of resist energy 20 Ignore 20 points of damage per attack from specified energy type 700 D237 Scroll, 4th-level spell Use a particular 4th-level spell, once 700 
1

M186 Soulvoid orb Throw to affect creatures as divest essentia, once 700 P251 Oil of greater magic weapon +1 +1 enhancement bonus to weapon, or up to 50 projectiles 750 P246 Oil of keen edge Normal weapon's threat range is doubled 750 P251 Oil of magic vestment +1 +1 enhancement bonus to armor or shield 750 P216 Potion of cure serious wounds Heal 3d8+5 hit points of damage 750 P223 Potion of displacement Gain total concealment 750 P232 Potion of fly Fly speed of 60 ft. 750 P234 Potion of gaseous form Become insubstantial and fly slowly 750 P250 Potion of greater magic fang +1 +1 enhancement bonus to one or all natural weapons 750 P239 Potion of haste Move faster, +1 on attack rolls, AC, and Reflex saves 750 P240 Potion of heroism +2 on attack rolls, saves, skill checks 750 P249 Potion of magic circle +2 on saves and to AC, counter mind control, hedge out elementals/outsiders 750 
against chaos/evil/good/law P257 Potion of neutralize poison Immunity to poison, venom in or on you neutralized 750 P266 Potion of protection from energy Absorb 36 points of damage from one kind of energy 750 P270 Potion of remove Cure normal or magical blindness or deafness 750 
blindness/deafness P270 Potion of remove curse Frees you from curse 750 P271 Potion of remove disease Cures you of all diseases 750 P300 Potion of water breathing Breathe underwater 750 M169 Powder of the black veil Creates cloud with blinding effect, once 750 M184 Scrying beacon Choose to center next clairaudience/clairvoyance spell on the beacon 750 D245 Wand, 1st-level spell Use a particular 1st-level spell 50 times 750 M151 Bag of endless caltrops 5/day create caltrops to cover a 5-ft. square 800 M160 Everlasting feedbag 1/day create feed for one horse 800 M169 Porcupine elixir +1 to natural armor, deal 1d6 piercing damage with grapple attacks, 12 hours 800 M176 Rope of stone Rope becomes as hard as stone on command 800 M159 Eternal wand, 1st-level spell 2/day use particular 1st-level spell 820 D255 Dust of dryness Destroys 100 gallons of water, destroys water elementals 850 D248 Bag of tricks, gray 10/week creates one random animal that serves for 10 minutes 900 M152 Blast disk Effective as proximity or timed mine that deals fire damage 900 M167 Pearl of brain lock Throw to daze creature for 3 rounds, once 900 P203 Potion of barkskin +4 +4 enhancement bonus to natural armor 900 M154 Cognizance crystal, 1 point Stores 1 power point 1,000 M161 Glyph seal Convert a spell of up to 2nd level into a glyph of warding effect, once 1,000 D263 Pearl of power, 1st-level spell 1/day regain one 1st-level spell already cast 1,000 M173 Replenishing skin Slowly refills with water when empty 1,000 D266 Salve of slipperiness +20 on Escape Artist for 8 hours 1,000 P237 Potion of good hope +2 on attack rolls, damage rolls, saves, and checks 1,050 M158 Drums of marching You and allies gain +4 on Con checks to avoid nonlethal damage from forced march 1,100 D255 Elixir of fire breath Gain ability to breathe fire three times 1,100 P272 Potion of resist energy 30 Ignore 30 points of damage per attack from specified energy type 1,100 D237 Scroll, 5th-level spell Use a particular 5th-level spell, once 1,125 
1

D264 Pipes of the sewers Attract 1d3 rat swarms 1,150 M157 Dragon's draught, brass Dragons/dragonblood gain breath weapon: 60-ft. line, 6d6 fire damage 1,200 M157 Dragon's draught, white Dragons/dragonblood gain breath weapon: 30-ft. cone, 6d6 cold damage 1,200 D254 Dust of illusion Affect creature as disguise self for 2 hours 1,200 
TOOLS (cont.) 
Page Item Name Effect Market Price (gp) 
P251 Oil of greater magic weapon +2 +2 enhancement bonus to weapon or up to 50 projectiles 1,200 P251 Oil of magic vestment +2 +2 enhancement bonus to armor or shield 1,200 P203 Potion of barkskin +5 +5 enhancement bonus to natural armor 1,200 P250 Potion of greater magic fang +2 +2 enhancement bonus to one or all natural weapons 1,200 M151 Beetle elixir Darkvision out to 60 ft. and +2 to natural armor, 12 hours 1,350 M161 Fochlucan bandore +2 on Perform (string instruments); use spell-like abilities if 2 ranks in Perform 1,350 M183 Salve of minor spell resistance Spell resistance 17 for 5 minutes 1,350 M184 Scrying shard May use as a focus for scrying 1,350 M150 Arcane thieves' tools Sacrifice arcane spell for +5 on next Disable Device or Open Lock check 1,400 M150 Bag of boulders 3 charges/day, create thrown rocks that deal bludgeoning damage 1,400 M158 Ehlonna's seed pouch Ehlonna: Produces three goodberries per day plus relic powers 1,400 
R

M174 Rod of frost 3/day creates a 30-foot line of frost for a variety of effects 1,400 M175 Rod of sliding 3/day push or pull one targeted creature 5 ft. 1,400 M184 Sending stones (pair) 1/day send a message as sending to bearer of other stone 1,400 M186 Spool of endless rope Create up to 500 ft. of silk rope 1,400 M150 Aroma of dreams Put nearby creatures to sleep 1,500 M153 Camouflage paint 5 applications, +5 on Hide when stationary for 2 hours 1,500 M160 Exploding spike Effective land mine deals fire damage, invisible 1 round after planted 1,500 M161 Hammersphere 1/day conjure giant spiritual hammer that deals 3d6 points of damage 1,500 M164 Memento magica, 1st-level spell 1/day regain a previously used 1st-level spell slot 1,500 M190 Tome of worldly memory 3/day +5 on single Knowledge check 1,500 M173 Rhino elixir +3 to natural armor and +1 on melee damage rolls, 12 hours 1,600 D263 Necklace of fireballs type I Hurl up to three fireballs of various strengths 1,650 D237 Scroll, 6th-level spell Use a particular 6th-level spell, once 1,650 
1

D255 Dust of appearance Reveals objects as they are, negates invisibility 1,800 P251 Oil of greater magic weapon +3 +3 enhancement bonus to weapon or up to 50 projectiles 1,800 P251 Oil of magic vestment +3 +3 enhancement bonus to armor or shield 1,800 D264 Pipes of sounding Ghost sound at will 1,800 P250 Potion of greater magic fang +3 +3 enhancement bonus to one or all natural weapons 1,800 D265 Quiver of Ehlonna Stores up to eighty-four objects of various sizes 1,800 M186 Sphere of awakening 1/day allies within 60 ft. awakened from sleep, immune to tiring effects 1,800 M160 Field provisions box 1/day produces full day's sustenance for up to fifteen humans or five horses 2,000 D259 Heward's handy haversack Holds up to 120 lb., but weighs only 5 lb.; all objects stored are easily accessible 2,000 D259 Horn of fog Creates 10 square ft. of fog similar to obscuring mist 2,000 M167 Orb of environmental Exist comfortably in conditions between -50°F and 140°F 2,000 
adaptation for 7 consecutive days M168 Pearl of breath crisis For 5 rounds, target must spend standard action or suffocate, once 2,000 M174 Rod of grievous wounds 5/day 1d8+5 damage to each injured adjacent creature 2,000 M176 Rod of viscid globs 3/day fire globs with tanglefoot bag effect 2,000 M185 Slashing sand Creates equivalent of spike stones spell, once 2,000 M163 Mac-Fuirmidh cithern +2 on Perform (string instruments); use spell-like abilities if 4 ranks in Perform 2,100 D255 Elemental gem Summon Large elemental as summon nature's ally 2,250 M162 Healing salve Heals various amounts of damage, 10 applications 2,250 P251 Wand of magic missile Use magic missile (CL 3rd) 50 times 2,250 D237 Scroll, 7th-level spell Use a particular 7th-level spell, once 2,275 
1

M174 Rod of fumbling 2/day creature within 30 ft. drops all items it holds 2,300 M157 Dragon's draught, black Dragons/dragonblood gain breath weapon: 80-ft. line, 12d4 acid damage 2,400 M157 Dragon's draught, copper Dragons/dragonblood gain breath weapon: 80-ft. line, 12d4 acid damage 2,400 P251 Oil of greater magic weapon +4 +4 enhancement bonus to weapon or up to 50 projectiles 2,400 P251 Oil of magic vestment +4 +4 enhancement bonus to armor or shield 2,400 P250 Potion of greater magic fang +4 +4 enhancement bonus to one or all natural weapons 2,400 D266 Sovereign glue Binds any two substances together permanently 2,400 D248 Bag of holding type I Holds up to 250 lb. or 30 cu. ft., but weighs only 15 lb. 2,500 D251 Candle of truth Creates zone of truth spell in 5-ft. radius for 1 hour 2,500 M153 Censer of the last breath Nerull: Obscuring mist effect plus relic powers 2,500 
R

M155 Crystal anchor of alertness Area is lit, +5 on Listen and Spot for you and allies within 30 ft. 2,500 M162 Icy strand of the north Hurl up to six cold missiles of various strengths 2,500 M165 Metamagic rod, Substitution, 3/day cast a spell of up to 3rd level as though affected by Energy Substitution 2,700 
lesser D263 Necklace of fireballs type II Hurl up to five fireballs of various strengths 2,700 D267 Stone of alarm Sets an alarm on any object, screeches for 1 hour if alarm is tripped 2,700 M149 Aberrant sphere 3 charges/day, summons aberrations but you take a penalty on Will saves 2,800 M162 Infinite scrollcase Holds up to 50 scrolls, +4 on Concentration checks to cast defensively 2,800 D248 Bag of tricks, rust 10/week creates one random animal that serves for 10 minutes 3,000 
TOOLS (cont.) TOOLS (cont.) 
Page Item Name Effect Market Price (gp)  
D248 Bead of force Explodes when thrown, then acts as Otiluke's resilient sphere 3,000  
D252 Chime of opening 10 charges, looses or opens locks, doors, lids, and so on 3,000  
D260 Horseshoes of speed +30-ft. enhancement bonus to animal's speed 3,000  
D236 Metamagic rod, Enlarge, lesser 3/day cast a spell of up to 3rd level as though affected by Enlarge Spell 3,000  
D236 Metamagic rod, Extend, lesser 3/day cast a spell of up to 3rd level as though affected by Extend Spell 3,000  
M165 Metamagic rod, Sculpting, lesser 3/day cast a spell of up to 3rd level as though affected by Sculpt Spell 3,000  
D236 Metamagic rod, Silent, lesser 3/day cast a spell of up to 3rd level as though affected by Silent Spell 3,000  
P251 Oil of greater magic weapon +5 +5 enhancement bonus to weapon or up to 50 projectiles 3,000  
P251 Oil of magic vestment +5 +5 enhancement bonus to armor or shield 3,000  
P250 Potion of greater magic fang +5 +5 enhancement bonus to one or all natural weapons 3,000  
D266 Rope of climbing Can be commanded to uncoil in any direction, can fasten or knot itself 3,000  
D237 Scroll, 8th-level spell Use a particular 8th-level spell, once 3,000  
M188 Talisman of undead mastery 3 charges/day, gain bonus to turning level 13,000  
M154 Chime of harmonic agony Expend bardic music use to deal 3d6+Cha modifier of sonic damage 3,100  
M167 Orb of mental renewal 3 charges/day, heal Int, Wis, or Cha damage 3,100  
M168 Pipes of frenzied revelry Olidammara: +5 on Perform (wind instruments) plus relic powers 3,100  
M173 RRod of bodily restoration 3 charges/day, heal Str, Dex, and Con damage 3,100  
M187 Summoner's totem Can instantaneously cast one spell on single animal you summon 3,100  
M156 Domain draught Cain access to specific cleric domain for 24 hours 3,300  
M187 Survival pouch 5/day create various useful survival items 3,300  
M151 Bag of flames 3 charges/day, create various fire-based effects 3,500  
M157 Dragon's draught, bronze Dragons/dragonblood gain breath weapon: 100-ft. line, 12d6 electricity damage 3,500  
M157 Dragon's draught, green Dragons/dragonblood gain breath weapon: 50-ft. cone, 12d6 acid damage 3,500  
D255 Dust of disappearance Greater invisibility for 2d6 rounds 3,500  
M172 Radiant sphere Sheds bright light; 3 charges/day, deals damage to undead 3,500  
M173 Rod of escape 2/day each, jump, knock; 1/day create water-repelling spherical ward 3,500  
M185 Shard of the sun Pelor: Continuous heightened daylight plus relic powers 3,500  
M185 RSleeping spike Effective land mine with sleep effect, invisible 1 round after planted 3,500  
M159 Enveloping pit Kurtulmak: Acts as portable hole, but 50 ft. deep plus relic powers 3,600  
M165 RMirror of suggestion 2/day make gaze attack with suggestion effect on one creature 3,600  
P251 Wand of magic missile Use magic missile (CL 5th) 50 times 3,750  
D256 Figurine of wondrous power, Becomes a raven as affected by animal messenger, 24 total hours/week 3,800  
silver raven  
D237 Scroll, 9th-level spell Use a particular 9th-level spell, once 3,825  
M154 Cognizance crystal, 3 points Stores up to 3 power points 14,000  
M161 Glyph seal, greater Convert a spell of up to 5th level into a greater glyph of warding effect, once 4,000  
D260 Ioun stone, clear spindle Sustains you without food or water 4,000  
D261 Keoghtom's ointment Acts as neutralize poison, remove disease, or cure light wounds 4,000  
D263 Nolzur's marvelous pigments Create mundane objects by painting their images 4,000  
D263 Pearl of power, 2nd-level spell 1/day regain one 2nd-level spell already cast 4,000  
M175 Rod of silence +4 on saves against sonic effects;1/day silence (centered on you), shout 4,000  
M175 Rod of sure striking 3/day allies adjacent to you gain +5 bonus on next attack roll 4,000  
D267 Stone salve Acts as stone to flesh or stoneskin 4,000  
M190 Wilding clasp Item can be used normally in wild shape 4,000  
M156 Doss lute +2 on Perform (string instruments); use spell-like abilities if 6 ranks in Perform 4,100  
D263 Necklace of fireballs type III Hurl up to seven fireballs of various strengths 4,350  
M187 Strand of lightning Hurl up to seven electricity coils of various strengths 4,350  
M183 Sacred scabbard 3/day bless weapon for 10 rounds 4,400  
M188 Thorn pouch 5 charges/day, create various plant-based effects 4,400  
M159 Eternal wand, 2nd-level spell 2/day use particular 2nd-level spell 4,420  
M150 Aroma of curdled death Kill nearby creatures with low Hit Dice 4,500  
M157 Dragon's draught, blue Dragons/dragonblood gain breath weapon: 100-ft. line, 12d8 electricity damage 4,500  
M157 Dragon's draught, silver Dragons/dragonblood gain breath weapon: 50-ft. cone, 12d8 cold damage 4,500  
D245 Wand, 2nd-level spell Use a particular 2nd-level spell 50 times 4,500  
M168 Personal oasis 1/day create small tent and one day's sustenance 4,600  
D260 Incense of meditation Prepare all spells as if affected by Maximize Spell feat, at their normal level 4,900  
D248 Bag of holding type II Holds up to 500 lb. or 70 cu. ft., but weighs only 25 lb. 5,000  
M156 Diamondskin decanter 3/day gain DR 2/adamantine, DR 3/adamantine, or DR 4/adamantine 5,000  
M208 Horn of resilience 2/day gain various protection effects to you or allies (regalia of the hero) 5,000  
D235 SP Immovable rod Stays in place, even in midair 5,000  
D260 loun stone, dusty rose prism +1 insight bonus to AC 5,000  
M166 Noble pennon 3 charges/day, various knight- and paladin-themed bonuses and effects 5,000  
M167 Orb of blinding 3/day create blinding effect for 1 round 5,000  
M169 Portable foxhole Creates shallow, extradimensional pit 5,000  
M164 Map of unseen lands Yondalla: +5 on Knowledge (geography) and Survival plus relic powers 5,200  
R  

Page  Item Name  Effect  Market Price (gp)  
P251  Wand of magic missile  Use magic missile (CL 7th) 50 times  5,250  
D256  Eversmoking bottle  Covers up to 100-ft. radius in smoke  5,400  
D262  Murlynd's spoon  Creates enough gruel to sustain up to four humans  5,400  
D263  Necklace of fireballs type IV  Hurl up to nine fireballs of various strengths  5,400  
M157  Dragon's draught, gold  Dragons/dragonblood gain breath weapon: 50-ft. cone, 12d10 fire damage  5,500  
M157  Dragon's draught, red  Dragons/dragonblood gain breath weapon: 50-ft. cone, 12d10 fire damage  5,500  
M176  Rope of climbing, superior  As rope of climbing, and +5 on Climb to ascend this rope  5,500  
M189  Tome of ancient lore  Boccob: +5 on Knowledge (arcana) and Spellcraft plus relic powers  5,500  
D268  Wind fan  R  1/day (or more) gust of wind  5,500  
D263  Necklace of fireballs type V  Hurl up to seven fireballs  of various strengths  5,850  
M155  Conduit rod  3/day you and adjacent creatures gain +20 to energy resistance of choice for 1 round  6,000  
M155  Cornucopia of the needful  Yondalla: Create fruit with healing and protective effects plus relic powers  6,000  
M161  Globe of sunlight  R  Throw to create effect as a sunburst spell, but with 40-ft. radius, once  6,000  
D260  Horseshoes of a zephyr  Animal travels without touching the ground  6,000  
M164  Memento magica, 2nd-level spell  1/day regain a previously used 2nd-level spell slot  6,000  
D264  Pipes of haunting  2/day creatures with 5 or fewer HD become frightened  6,000  
M169  Psychoactive skin of the celestial  Gain various celestial benefits, 7 rounds/day  6,000  
M170  Psychoactive skin of  +8 armor bonus to AC, max Dex +2, -6 armor check, 25% arcane spell failure  6,000  
ectoplasmic armor  
M170  Psychoactive skin of the fiend  Gain various fiendish bonuses, 7 rounds/day  6,000  
M175  Rod of transposition  3/day exchange positions with another creature within 30 ft.  6,000  
M184  Shackles of silence  Silence shackled creature, escape triggers alarm  6,000  
D248  Bag of tricks, tan  10/week creates one random animal that serves for 10 minutes  6,300  
D259  Horn of goodness/evil  1/day magic circle against evil or good (depends on your alignment) for 1 hour  6,500  
D266  Shrouds of disintegration  Turn corpse to dust  6,600  
P251  Wand of magic missile  Use magic missile (CL 9th) 50 times  6,750  
M190  Tomebound eye of Boccob  3 charges/day, gain bonus on caster level checks to overcome spell resistance  7,000  
D249  Folding boat  Becomes a boat or ship on command  7,200  
D250  Bottle of air  Continually retains and replenishes fresh air  7,250  
D248  Bag of holding type III  Holds up to 1,000 lb. or 150 cu. ft., but weighs only 35 lb.  7,400  
D258  Harp of charming  Suggestion once per 10 minutes with successful DC 14 Perform check  7,500  
M189  Tome of the stilled tongue  Vecna: Information on becoming a lich, 500 blank spell pages plus relic powers  7,500  
M152  Blast globes  R  1/day use as ranged explosives, dealing fire and sonic damage with other effects  8,000  
D258  Golem manual, flesh  Contains information and spells necessary to create a flesh golem  8,000  
D260  Ioun stone, deep red sphere  +2 enhancement bonus to Dex  8,000  
D260  Ioun stone, incandescent  +2 enhancement bonus to Wis  8,000  
blue sphere  
D260  loun stone, pale blue rhomboid  +2 enhancement bonus to Str  8,000  
D260  loun stone, pink and green sphere  +2 enhancement bonus to Cha  8,000  
D260  loun stone, pink rhomboid  +2 enhancement bonus to Con  8,000  
D260  loun stone, scarlet and  +2 enhancement bonus to Int  8,000  
blue sphere  
M177  Runestaff of charming  Create various charm effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  8,000  
M183  Scrolls of uncertain provenance  Wee Jas: +5 on Knowledge plus relic powers  8,000  
M188  Talisman of undying fortitude  R  2/day take on some undead qualities for 3 rounds  8,000  
M153  Canaith mandolin  +2 on Perform (string instruments); use spell-like abilities if 8 ranks in Perform  8,100  
D254  Deck of illusions  Creates a major image of a random creature  8,100  
D263  Necklace of fireballs type VI  Hurl up to nine fireballs of various strengths  8,100  
D251  Candle of invocation  Various morale and spellcasting effects for characters of a given alignment  8,400  
M180  Runestaff of fire  Create various fire effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  8,400  
D263  Necklace of fireballs type VII  Hurl up to nine fireballs of various strengths  8,700  
M151  Battle bridle  Rider gets +5 on Ride and benefit of Mounted Combat feat, mount only  9,000  
M154  Cognizance crystal, 5 points  Stores up to 5 power points  9,000  
M155  Daern's instant tent  Grows into tent large enough to accommodate eight Medium creatures  9,000  
D254  Decanter of endless water  Creates various amounts of water, on command  9,000  
D236  Metamagic rod, Empower, lesser  3/day cast a spell of up to 3rd level as though affected by Empower Spell  9,000  
M165  Metamagic rod, Reach, lesser  3/day cast a spell of up to 3rd level as though affected by Reach Spell  9,000  
M165  Mirror of time hop  2/day make gaze attack to push one creature 5 rounds forward in time  9,000  
D263  Pearl of power, 3rd-level spell  1/day regain one 3rd-level spell already cast  9,000  
M183  Scepter of the netherworld  Turn or rebuke undead as if 3 levels higher  9,000  
M187  Stunning spike  Effective land mine stuns creatures within 20 ft., invisible 1 round after planted  9,000  
D256  Figurine of wondrous power,  1/day becomes a normal-sized horned owl or giant owl for 8 hours  9,100  
serpentine owl  
D267  Strand of prayer beads, lesser  Creates various divine spell effects  9,600  
D248  Bag of holding type IV  Holds up to 1,500 lb. or 250 cu. ft., but weighs only 60 lb.  10,000  

TOOLS (cont.) 
Page Item Name Effect Market Price (gp) 
D256 Figurine of wondrous power, 2/week becomes a griffon for 6 hours 10,000 bronze griffon D256 Figurine of wondrous power, 3/week becomes a rideable, pony-sized fly for 12 hours 10,000 
ebony fly D260 Ioun stone, dark blue rhomboid Alertness as the feat 10,000 M171 Psychoactive skin of 3/day numeric spell and power effects targeting you are minimized for 1 round 10,000 
power damping M174 Rod of reversalR Boccob: Reflect the next 3 spell levels targeted on you plus relic powers 10,000 M175 Rod of undead mastery Control twice as many HD of undead as normal 10,000 M177 Runestaff of the assassin Create various stealth-themed effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots 10,000 M185 Soul anchor 5/day creatures adjacent to you are held in place for 1 round 10,000 D267 Stone horse, courser Becomes tireless heavy horse, on command 10,000 M165 Metamagic rod, Substitution 3/day cast a spell of up to 6th level as though affected by Energy Substitution 10,500 D236 Rod of metal and mineral detection Find metal or minerals within 30 feet 10,500 M187 Strand of acid pearls Hurl up to seven acidic missiles of various strengths 10,700 M159 Eternal wand, 3rd-level spell 2/day use particular 3rd-level spell 10,900 D236 Metamagic rod, Enlarge 3/day cast a spell of up to 6th level as though affected by Enlarge Spell 11,000 D236 Metamagic rod, Extend 3/day cast a spell of up to 6th level as though affected by Extend Spell 11,000 M165 Metamagic rod, Sculpting 3/day cast a spell of up to 6th level as though affected by Sculpt Spell 11,000 D236 Metamagic rod, Silent 3/day cast a spell of up to 6th level as though affected by Silent Spell 11,000 D234 Rod of cancellation Drains one item of all magical properties 11,000 M178 Runestaff of eyes Create various vision effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots 11,000 D245 Wand, 3rd-level spell Use a particular 3rd-level spell 50 times 11,250 M160 Flesheater 2/day summon apparitions that deal 3d6 damage to living creature for 4 rounds 12,000 D258 Golem manual, clay Contains information and spells necessary to create a clay golem 12,000 M162 Horn of plenty 1/day heroes' feast for twelve participants 12,000 D264 Pipes of pain Creatures are fascinated, then damaged and shaken after playing stops 12,000 M170 Psychoactive skin of the claw Gain two primary natural claw attacks, psychic warriors only 12,000 D237 Rod of wonder Create random effects 12,000 M178 Runestaff of entrapment Create various imprisonment effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots 12,000 M181 Runestaff of size alteration Create various size altering effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots 12,000 M156 Dove's harp Bardic music grants allies within 60 ft. fast healing 3 for 1 minute 12,100 D249 Boccob's blessed book Scribe spells without paying material cost 12,500 D257 Gem of brightness 50 charges, produces various degrees of illumination, some blinding 13,000 D261 Lyre of building 1/day negates attacks on buildings; 1/week magically construct edifices 13,000 M164 Memento magica, 3rd-level spell 1/day regain a previously used 3rd-level spell slot 13,500 P275 Wand of searing light Use searing light (CL 6th) 50 times 13,500 M162 Harrow rod 3/day 30-ft. cone of acid that deals 9d6 acid damage 14,000 M165 Metamagic rod, Chaining, lesser 3/day cast a spell of up to 3rd level as though affected by Chain Spell 14,000 D236 Metamagic rod, Maximize, lesser 3/day cast a spell of up to 3rd level as though affected by Maximize Spell 14,000 M181 Runestaff of night Create various darkness effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots 14,000 D267 Stone horse, destrier Becomes tireless heavy warhorse, on command 14,800 M151 Banner of the storm's eye Suppresses fear effects, prevents confused and stunned conditions within 20 ft. 15,000 M171 Psychoactive skin of nimbleness +10 on Tumble 15,000 M170 Psychoactive skin of the chameleon +10 on Hide 15,000 M172 Quiver of energy Arrows and bolts stored within deal +ld6 energy damage 15,000 D235 Rod of flame extinguishing Extinguish magical and nonmagical fires 15,000 M181 Runestaff of opening Create various opening effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots 15,000 M186 Spider rod 3/day each, entangling silk strands and poison touch attacks 15,000 D260 Horn of the tritons Creates various sea- and water-based effects 15,100 D263 Pearl of the sirines Breathe and act underwater without hindrance, 60-ft. swim speed 15,300 D256 Figurine of wondrous power, 1/week becomes an intelligent, perceptive riding dog for up to 6 hours 15,500 
onyx dog M154 Cognizance crystal, 7 points Stores up to 7 power points 16,000 D263 Pearl of power, 4th-level spell 1/day regain one 4th-level spell already cast 16,000 M182 Runestaff of the undying Create various undead-creation effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots 16,000 M182 Runestaff of vision Create various sight effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots 16,000 D266 Scabbard of keen edges 3/day keen edge, can accommodate any knife, dagger, or sword 16,000 D256 Figurine of wondrous power, 1/day figurines become two normal lions for up to 1 hour 16,500 
golden lions D244 Staff of charming Create various charm effects 16,500 D252 Chime of interruption Once/10 minutes, spells with verbal components require Concentration checks 16,800 D250 Broom of flying Fly as overland flight spell for up to 9 hours/day, comes when called 17,000 D256 Figurine of wondrous power, 4/month becomes elephant for up to 24 hours 17,000 
marble elephant 
TOOLS (cont.) TOOLS (cont.) 
Page  Item Name  Effect  Market Price (gp)  
M157  Dragondoom scepter  Various spellcasting benefits against creatures of the dragon type  18,000  
D260  Ioun stone, iridescent spindle  Sustains you without air  18,000  
M180  Runestaff of forced happiness  Create various forced celebration effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  18,000  
M154  Cli lyre  +2 on Perform (string instruments); use spell-like abilities if 10 ranks in Perform  18,100  
M180  Runestaff of illusion  Create various illusion effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  19,000  
M182  Runestaff of transportation  Create various transportation effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  19,000  
D252  Carpet of flying, 5 ft. by 5 ft.  Flies as if affected by overland flight; fly speed 40 ft., capacity 200 lb.  20,000  
D259  Horn of blasting  1/day (or more) deals sonic damage and deafens creatures  20,000  
D260  loun stone, pale lavender  Absorbs spells of 4th level or lower, 20 total spell levels maximum  20,000  
ellipsoid  
D260  loun stone, pearly white spindle  Regenerate 1 point of damage per hour  20,000  
M163  Lens of the desert  3/day sunbeam  20,000  
D264  Portable hole  Extradimensional storage space with 6 ft. diameter and 10 ft. deep  20,000  
M180  Runestaff of frost  Create various cold effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  20,000  
D267  Stone of good luck  +1 on saving throws, ability checks, and skill checks  20,000  
D256  Figurine of wondrous power,  Figurines become three goats, each with different traits  21,000  
ivory goats  
D266  Rope of entanglement  Entangles a creature on command  21,000  
M177  Runestaff of divination  Create various divination effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  21,000  
D245  Wand, 4th-level spell  Use a particular 4th-level spell 50 times  21,000  
D258  Golem manual, stone  Contains information and spells necessary to create a stone golem  22,000  
P223  Wand of dispel magic  Use dispel magic (CL 10th) 50 times  22,500  
P231  Wand of fireball  Use fireball (CL 10th) 50 times  22,500  
P248  Wand of lightning bolt  Use lightning bolt (CL 10th) 50 times  22,500  
P275  Wand of searing light  Use searing light (CL 10th) 50 times  22,500  
M176  Runestaff of the artisan  Create various fabrication effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  23,000  
D235  Rod of enemy detection  3/day identify all hostile creatures within 60 ft.  23,500  
M164  Memento magica, 4th-level spell  1/day regain a previously used 4th-level spell slot  24,000  
M170  Psychoactive skin  Gain powerful, celestial benefits 15 rounds/day  24,000  
of celestial embrace  
M170  Psychoactive skin  Gain powerful fiendish bonuses, 15 rounds/day  24,000  
of fiendish embrace  
M178  Runestaff of earth and stone  Create various earth and transportation effects by expending  24,000  
arcane spells or spell slots  
M165  Metamagic rod, Substitution,  3/day cast a spell of up to 9th level as though affected by Energy Substitution  24,300  
greater  
D236  Metamagic rod, Enlarge, greater  3/day cast a spell of up to 9th level as though affected by Enlarge Spell  24,500  
D236  Metamagic rod, Extend, greater  3/day cast a spell of up to 9th level as though affected by Extend Spell  24,500  
M165  Metamagic rod, Sculpting, greater  3/day cast a spell of up to 9th level as though affected by Sculpt Spell  24,500  
D236  Metamagic rod, Silent, greater  3/day cast a spell of up to 9th level as though affected by Silent Spell  24,500  
D245  Staff of swarming insects  Create various insect swarm effects  24,750  
M154  Cognizance crystal, 9 points  Stores up to 9 power points  25,000  
M164  Magic siphon  1/day creatures adjacent to you affected by targeted greater dispel magic  25,000  
D263  Pearl of power, 5th-level spell  1/day regain one 5th-level spell already cast  25,000  
D236  Rod of splendor  +4 enhancement bonus to Cha, creates fine clothes and palatial pavilion  25,000  
M177  Runestaff of conjuration  Create various conjuration effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  25,000  
M178  Runestaff of evocation  Create various evocation effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  25,000  
M182  Runestaff of transmutation  Create various transmutation effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  25,000  
D261  Iron bands of Bilarro  1/day bind Large or smaller creature  26,000  
M177  Runestaff of cacophony  Create various sonic effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  26,000  
D253  Cube of frost resistance  Create 10-ft. cube-shaped area that negates cold-based attacks  27,000  
M177  Runestaff of destruction  Create various destructive effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  27,000  
D261  Manual of bodily health +1  +1 inherent bonus to Con  27,500  
D262  Manual of gainful exercise +1  +1 inherent bonus to Str  27,500  
D262  Manual of quickness in action +1  +1 inherent bonus to Dex  27,500  
D268  Tome of clear thought +1  +1 inherent bonus to Int  27,500  
D268  Tome of leadership and  +1 inherent bonus to Cha  27,500  
influence +1  
D268  Tome of understanding +1  +1 inherent bonus to Wis  27,500  
D244  Staff of healing  Create various healing effects  27,750  
D255  Dimensional shackles  Affects bound creatures as dimensional anchor spell  28,000  
D256  Figurine of wondrous power,  1/week becomes a heavy warhorse for 24 hours  28,500  
obsidian steed  
D244  Staff of fire  Create various fire effects  28,500  
D245  Staff of size alteration  Create various size alteration effects  29,000  

Page  Item Name  Effect  Market Price (gp)  
D255  Drums of panic  1/day affect creatures as fear spell  30,000  
D260  Ioun stone, orange prism  +1 to caster level  30,000  
D260  Ioun stone, pale green prism  +1 on attack rolls, saves, skill checks, and ability checks  30,000  
D261  Lantern of revealing  Reveals creatures and objects as invisibility purge  30,000  
M176  Runestaff of the architect  Create various construction effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  30,000  
M178  Runestaff of ethereal action  +1/masterwork quarterstaff, create various ethereal effects by expending  31,300  
arcane spells or spell slots  
M170  Psychoactive skin of the defender  +4 to natural armor  32,000  
M176  Runestaff of abjuration  Create various abjuration effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  32,000  
M178  Runestaff of enchantment  Create various enchantment effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  32,000  
M180  Runestaff of necromancy  Create various necromancy effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  32,000  
M150  Anstruth harp  +2 on Perform (string instruments), use spell-like abilities if 12 ranks in Perform  32,100  
D236  Metamagic rod, Empower  3/day cast a spell of up to 6th level as though affected by Empower Spell  32,500  
M165  Metamagic rod, Reach  3/day cast a spell of up to 6th level as though affected by Reach Spell  32,500  
P285  Wand of stoneskin  Use stoneskin 50 times  33,500  
M180  Runestaff of illumination  Create various light effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  34,500  
D252  Carpet of flying, 5 ft. by 10 ft.  Flies as if affected by overland flight; fly speed 40 ft., capacity 400 lb.  35,000  
D258  Golem manual, iron  Contains information and spells necessary to create an iron golem  35,000  
D236  Metamagic rod, Quicken, lesser  3/day cast a spell of up to 3rd level as though affected by Quicken Spell  35,000  
M182  Runestaff of time  Create various time effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  35,000  
M154  Cognizance crystal, 11 points  Stores up to 11 power points  36,000  
D260  loun stone, vibrant purple prism  Stores three levels of spells, as a ring of spell storing  36,000  
D263  Pearl of power, 6th-level spell  1/day regain one 6th-level spell already cast  36,000  
M190  Truelight lantern  Continual flame, can form cone of light 1/day true seeing effect for 10 minutes  36,000  
D236  Rod of negation  3/day negate spell-like functions of a magic item  37,000  
M182  Runestaff of the undead slayer  Create various undead-slaying effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  37,000  
M164  Memento magica, 5th-level spell  1/day regain a previously used 5th-level spell slot  37,500  
M181  Runestaff of power  +2/masterwork quarterstaff, create various powerful effects by expending  38,300  
arcane spells or spell slots, smite  
D260  loun stone, lavender and  Absorbs spells of 8th level or lower, 50 times  40,000  
green ellipsoid  
M171  Psychoactive skin of iron  1/day iron body, 15 minutes/day  40,000  
M172  Psychoactive skin of the spider  +10 on Climb, various spider-themed bonuses and effects  40,000  
D265  Ring gates  Transfer up to 100 lb. of material per day up to 100 miles between gates  40,000  
D253  Crystal ball  Scrying at will  42,000  
D258  Golem manual, greater stone  Contains information and spells necessary to create a greater stone golem  44,000  
D267  Strand of prayer beads  Creates various divine spells effects  45,800  
M180  Runestaff of insanity  Create various madness effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots  46,000  
D263  Orb of storms  Create various weather effects  48,000  
M178  Runestaff of fiendish  Create various darkness and other effects by expending  48,000  
darkness  arcane spells or spell slots  
D244  Staff of illumination  Create various light effects  48,250  
M154  Cognizance crystal, 13 points  Stores up to 13 power points  49,000  
D263  Pearl of power, 7th-level spell  1/day regain one 7th-level spell already cast  49,000  
D253  Crystal ball with see invisibility  Scrying at will, can use invisibility at will through crystal ball  50,000  
D260  Horn of Valhalla  Summons construct barbarians to fight opponents  50,000  
D234  Rod of absorption  Negate up to 50 spell levels, store them for later use  50,000  
M166  Ollamh harp  +2 on Perform (string instruments); use spell-like abilities if 14 ranks in Perform  50,100  
D253  Crystal ball with detect thoughts  Scrying at will, can use detect thoughts at will through crystal ball  51,000  
M164  Memento magica, 6th-level spell  1/day regain a previously used 6th-level spell slot  54,000  
M165  Metamagic rod, Chaining  3/day cast a spell of up to 6th level as though affected by Chain Spell  54,000  
D236  Metamagic rod, Maximize  3/day cast a spell of up to 6th level as though affected by Maximize Spell  54,000  
D254  Daern's instant fortress  Becomes adamantine fortress on command  55,000  
D261  Manual of bodily health +2  +2 inherent bonus to Con  55,000  
D262  Manual of gainful exercise +2  +2 inherent bonus to Str  55,000  
D262  Manual of quickness in action +2  +2 inherent bonus to Dex  55,000  
D268  Tome of clear thought +2  +2 inherent bonus to Int  55,000  
D268  Tome of leadership and  +2 inherent bonus to Cha  55,000  
influence +2  
D268  Tome of understanding +2  +2 inherent bonus to Wis  55,000  
D244  Staff of frost  Create various cold effects  56,250  
D244  Staff of defense  Create various protection effects  58,250  
D252  Carpet of flying, 10 ft. by 10 ft.  Flies as if affected by overland flight; fly speed 40 ft., capacity 800 lb.  60,000  
D254  Darkskull  Emanates continuous unhallow effect  60,000  

TOOLS (cont.) 
Page Item Name Effect Market Price (gp) 
M171 Psychoactive skin of fiery response Blasts opponents who made attacks against you last round 60,000 
M173 Rod of force 5/day create various force-based effects 60,000 
D236 Rod of rulership Rule up to 300 HD of creatures, 500 minutes total 60,000 
M172 Psychoactive skin of the troll Heal 5 points of damage/minute, regrow lost body parts 61,000 
D236 Rod of security Transports creatures to nondimensional pocket paradise 61,000 
D253 Cube of force 36 charges, produce cubes made of walls of force, charges renewed daily 62,000 
M154 Cognizance crystal, 15 points Stores up to 15 power points 64,000 
D263 Pearl of power, 8th-level spell 1/day regain one 8th-level spell already cast 64,000 
D243 Staff of abjuration Create various abjuration effects 65,000 
D244 Staff of conjuration Create various conjuration effects 65,000 
D244 Staff of enchantment Create various enchantment effects 65,000 
D244 Staff of evocation Create various evocation effects 65,000 
D244 Staff of illusion Create various illusion effects 65,000 
D244 Staff of necromancy Create various necromancy effects 65,000 
D245 Staff of transmutation Create various transmutation effects 65,000 
D253 Crystal ball with telepathy Scrying at will, can use telepathy at will through crystal ball 70,000 
D259 Horn of blasting, greater 1/day (or more) deals sonic damage, stuns, and deafens creatures 70,000 
D263 Pearl of power, two spells Regain two spells already cast (different levels, 6th or lower) 70,000 
D236 Metamagic rod, Empower, greater 3/day cast a spell of up to 9th level as though affected by Empower Spell 73,000 
M165 Metamagic rod, Reach, greater 3/day cast a spell of up to 9th level as though affected by Reach Spell 73,000 
M164 Memento magica, 7th-level spell 1/day regain a previously used 7th-level spell slot 73,500 
D244 Staff of divination Create various divination effects 73,500 
D257 Gem of seeing See as though affected by true seeing, 30 minutes total per day 75,000 
M181 Runestaff of passage Create various passage effects by expending arcane spells or spell slots 75,000 
D236 Metamagic rod, Quicken 3/day cast a spell of up to 6th level as though affected by Quicken Spell 75,500 
M171 Psychoactive skin of the hero +3 to AC, +3 on saving throws and attack rolls 77,000 
D253 Crystal ball with true seeing Scrying at will, can use true seeing at will through crystal ball 80,000 
D244 Staff of earth and stone Create various earth and movement effects 80,500 
M154 Cognizance crystal, 17 points Stores up to 17 power points 81,000 
D263 Pearl of power, 9th-level spell 1/day regain one 9th-level spell already cast 81,000 
D268 Well of many worlds Transports objects or creatures to a random other world or plane 82,000 
D261 Manual of bodily health +3 +3 inherent bonus to Con 82,500 
D262 Manual of gainful exercise +3 +3 inherent bonus to Str 82,500 
D262 Manual of quickness in +3 inherent bonus to Dex 82,500 

action +3 D268 Tome of clear thought +3 +3 inherent bonus to Int 82,500 D268 Tome of leadership and +3 inherent bonus to Cha 82,500 
influence +3 D268 Tome of understanding +3 +3 inherent bonus to Wis 82,500 D247 Apparatus of Kwalish Functional submarine fits two Medium creatures 90,000 M172 Psychoactive skin of the psion +7 power points/day, spell resistance 21 90,000 D262 Mirror of opposition Creates exact double of whoever looks into mirror, which attacks original 92,000 D267 Strand of prayer beads, greater Creates various divine spells effects 95,800 M164 Memento magica, 8th-level spell 1/day regain a previously used 8th-level spell slot 96,000 D250 Bowl of commanding Summon one water elemental at a time, at will 100,000 
water elementals D250 Brazier of commanding Summon one fire elemental at a time, at will 100,000 fire elementals D252 Censer of controlling Summon one air elemental at a time, at will 100,000 air elementals D267 Stone of controlling Summon one earth elemental at a time, at will 100,000 
earth elementals D245 Staff of the woodlands Create various nature effects 101,250 D261 Manual of bodily health +4 +4 inherent bonus to Con 110,000 D262 Manual of gainful exercise +4 +4 inherent bonus to Str 110,000 D262 Manual of quickness in action +4 +4 inherent bonus to Dex 110,000 D268 Tome of clear thought +4 +4 inherent bonus to Int 110,000 D268 Tome of leadership and +4 inherent bonus to Cha 110,000 
influence +4 D268 Tome of understanding +4 +4 inherent bonus to Wis 110,000 M164 Memento magica, 1/day regain a previously used 9th-level spell slot 121,500 
9th-level spell M165 Metamagic rod, Chaining, greater 3/day cast a spell of up to 9th level as though affected by Chain Spell 121,500 D236 Metamagic rod, Maximize, greater 3/day cast a spell of up to 9th level as though affected by Maximize Spell 121,500 D261 Manual of bodily health +5 +5 inherent bonus to Con 137,500 
TOOLS (cont.) 
Page Item Name Effect Market Price (gp) 
D262 Manual of gainful exercise +5 +5 inherent bonus to Str 137,500 D262 Manual of quickness in action +5 +5 inherent bonus to Dex 137,500 D268 Tome of clear thought +5 +5 inherent bonus to Int 137,500 D268 Tome of leadership and +5 inherent bonus to Cha 137,500 
influence +5 D268 Tome of understanding +5 +5 inherent bonus to Wis 137,500 D255 Efreeti bottle Contains imprisoned efreeti who (usually) serves character each time released 145,000 D244 Staff of life Create healing and resurrection effects 155,750 D252 Chaos diamond Create various chaos-themed spell effects 160,000 D254 Cubic gate Open a gate or transport self and those around you to one of six planes 164,000 D261 Iron flask 1/day capture extraplanar creature and force it to serve you for 1 hour 170,000 D236 Metamagic rod, Quicken, greater 3/day cast a spell of up to 9th level as though affected by Quicken Spell 170,000 D245 Staff of passage Create various transportation effects 170,500 D262 Mirror of mental prowess Create various divination spell effects, use as a transport portal 175,000 D262 Mirror of life trapping Extradimensionally imprisons up to fifteen creatures who look at it 200,000 
1 Price of scroll does not include cost of expensive material components required for the given spell. Such a cost must be added to the listed price of the scroll, when necessary. 
Appendix 2: Random Treasure 

This appendix presents a new random treasure generation system for DMs to use when creating random treasure hoards. It con­tains all the items from Magic Item Compendium and the Dungeon Master's Guide. 
WHY NEW TABLES? 
This new set of tables is designed to make random treasure gen­eration quicker, easier, and more consistent. The DMG tables can produce powerful items even at low levels, which can be exciting, but the party can also end up with too little gold or items for their level. These tables are geared for keeping the party's treasure in line with Table 3-3: Treasure Values per Encounter on page 51 of the DMG. It's now far less likely that you will get hardly any gold, hardly any goods, and hardly any items. Each level's entry has three tiers: low treasure, average treasure, and high treasure. Within each tier, the individual results are balanced toward more gold, more goods, or more items (and the top tier is high everything). Now you need to roll only once to get all three results. 
Goods are no longer separated into gems and art, and they are now coded with letters. An "A" indicates a gem or art piece worth 10 gp, a "B" corresponds to 50 gp, and so on. An expanded list of samples increases your choices. 
Magic items have been organized by item levels to make it easier to determine what is considered a reasonable item for a party to find. This arrangement streamlines the process, eliminating many of the rolls formerly needed to generate an item. These tables also collect all the items from both books in one place, increasing the variety of items you can generate. Because this book contains more useful items for low-level characters, hoards will have more interesting items if you use these tables. 
Page: The page number where the item can be found is indi­cated in this column, along with a letter code to describe the book it is in. Most entries begin either with "M" to indicate Magic Item Compendium or "D" for Dungeon Master's Guide. Items that use individual spells (such as wands, scrolls, and potions) use "P" to reference spell descriptions in the Players Handbook or "S" for those in Spell Compendium. 
HOW TO USE THE TABLES 
Using the tables involves four basic steps: Step 1: Roll on Table A-1 : Treasure, using the monster's CR to determine which row you will use. Step 2: Roll the number of dice indicated and multiply as shown to determine the number of coins. 
Step 3: Use Table A-2 : Goods to generate each piece using the letter codes provided. You can either roll dice to determine its value or use the given average value. Repeat if you have multiple goods. You might want to choose a type of gem or art from the sample goods list for a flavorful description. 
Step 4: Find the table that lists items of the level or levels in the "Items" column on the table you referred to. For instance, if you are generating a treasure for a CR4 monster and you roll a 30, that result provides one 2nd-level item and one 1st-level item. Go to the 2nd-Level Items table on page 270 and roll for that item, then to the 1st-Level Items table on page 269 and roll for that item. 
Each entry on the item level tables gives a source where the item is described: a page number preceded by a letter symbol. Most page numbers are preceded either by "M" to indicate Magic Item Compendium or "D" for Dungeon Master's Guide. Items that use individual spells (such as wands, scrolls, and potions) use "P" to reference spell descriptions in the Players Handbook or "S" for those in Spell Compendium. 
The scrolls, potions, and wands on these tables are not a com­plete list of all possible items—just the ones that are most useful. If you want to substitute a different spell for one of these items, use a spell of the same level, taking the cost of expensive components into account if necessary. All listings for scrolls specify whether their spells are arcane (A), divine (D), or either (A or D). 
If you don't like a particular item, feel free to substitute one of the same level or many items of a lower level (as described in Equipping a PC on page 228). Repeat this step if you have multiple items. 
Usually, that's all you have to do to generate a complete trea­sure. However, random armor, shields, and weapons require more work. These entries refer you to the tables you will use to generate these types of items. A guide to creating random armor, shields, and weapons can be found on page 282. 
TABLE A-1: TREASURE 
CR  d%  Coins  Goods  Items  CR  d%  Coins  Goods  Items  
1  01-07  —  —  —  6  01-07  1d10x1,000sp  —  3  
08-10  1d3x1,000cp  —  —  08-10  1d8x1,000sp  D, B  3  
11-21  1d3x100sp  —  1/2  11-21  1d12x1,000sp  C, C  3,1  
22-44  3d6x100sp  A  1  22-44  1d12x100gp  C, D  3, 1  
45-60  4d4x100sp  B  1  45-60  1d8x100gp  B, D, E  3,1  
61-78  2d8x10gp  A  1,1/2  61-78  2d6x100gp  C, D  4  
79-83  2d4x100gp  A  —  79-83  2d6x100gp  E, F  3,1  
84-91  1d6x100gp  B  1  84-91  2d8x100gp  D, E  4,2  
92-99  2d4x100gp  A  1,1/2  92-99  1d12x100gp  E, F  5  
100  1d12x10pp  B  1,1/2  100  1d12x10pp  B, D, E  6  
2  01-07  2d12x1,000cp  —  —  7  01-07  2d8x1,000sp  —  3  
08-10  3d6x100sp  A, A  —  08-10  2d6x1,000sp  D, C  3  
11-21  2d4x100sp  —  1  11-21  2d8x1,000sp  D  3,1  
22-44  1d6x1,000sp  —  1, 1/2  22-44  2d8x100gp  E  4  
45-60  1d4x1,000sp  A, B  1,1  45-60  3d4x100gp  E, D, C  4  
61-78  1d4x100gp  B  1,1,1/2  61-78  2d8x100gp  E  4,2  
79-83  1d10x100gp  B  1,1/2  79-83  2d8x100gp  E, D  4,2  
84-91  1d10x100gp  A, A  1,1  84-91  2d8x100gp  E  5, 1  
92-99  1d12x100gp  B  2  92-99  3d4x100gp  E, D  6  
100  2d8x10pp  B  2  100  2d8x10pp  E, D  7  
3  01-07  1d4x1,000sp  —  1  8  01-07  2d10x1,000sp  D  4  
08-10  1d4x1,000sp  B  1  08-10  2d8x1,000sp  E  4  
11-21  1d4x1,000sp  —  2  11-21  2d8x100gp  D, C  4,1  
22-44  1(18x1,000sp  C  2  22-44  2d10x100gp  E, C  5  
45-60  1d6x1,000sp  C, C  2  45-60  4d4x100gp  E, D, D  5  
61-78  1d8x100gp  B, B  2, 1  61-78  4d4x100gp  E, C  6  
79-83  1d12x100gp  C, C  2,1/2  79-83  4d4x100gp  F, C  6  
84-91  1d12x100gp  C, C  2,1  84-91  2d10x100gp  F  6,3  
92-99  1d12x100gp  C, B, B  3  92-99  2d10x10pp  F, C  7  
100  1d12x10pp  D, B  3  100  2d10x10pp  F, C  8  
4  01-07  ld8x1,000sp  —  1,1/2  9  01-07  2d12x1,000sp  D, C  4  
08-10  1d6x1,000sp  C  1,1  08-10  2d10x1,000sp  E, C  4,1  
11-21  1d8x1,000sp  —  2, 1  11-21  2d10x100gp  E  5  
22-44  1d10x1,000sp  B, C  2,1  22-44  4d6x100gp  F  5  
45-60  1d8x1,000sp  B, D  2, 1  45-60  2d12x100gp  F, D  6  
61-78  1d8x100gp  B, C  3  61-78  2d12x100gp  F  6,3  
79-83  1d12x100gp  B, D  2,1  79-83  3d10x100gp  F, D  6,2  
84-91  1d12x100gp  D  3  84-91  3d10x100gp  F  7  
92-99  1d12x100gp  C, C, C  3,1  92-99  4d6x10pp  F, D  8  
100  1d12x10pp  C,D  4  100  2d12x10pp  F, D  9  
5  01-07  1d12x1,000sp  —  2  10  01-07  3d8x1,000sp  E  5  
08-10  1d8x1,000sp  D  2  08-10  2d12x1,000sp  F  5  
11-21  1d10x1,000sp  —  3  11-21  3d8x100gp  E, D  6  
22-44  1d12x1,000sp  B, D  3  22-44  6d4x100gp  F, E  6,1  
45-60  1d6x1,000sp  C, E  3  45-60  4d6x100gp  F, F  6,2  
61-78  1d6x100gp  B, D  4  61-78  4d6x100gp  F, E, D  7  
79-83  1d12x100gp  C, E  3  79-83  3d10x100gp  F, F, D  7  
84-91  1d12x100 gp  B, C, D  4  84-91  3d10x10pp  F, F  8  
92-99  1d6x100gp  B, B, E  5  92-99  6d4x10pp  F, F, D  9  
100  1d12x10pp  C, E  5  100  3d10x10pp  F, F, D  10  

CR  d%  Coins  Goods  Items  CR  d%  Coins  Goods  Items  
11  01-07  6d4x1,000sp  F  6  16  01-07  1d12x1,000gp  G, E  11  
08-10  4d6x1,000sp  F, E  6  08-10  1d10x1,000gp  H  11  
11-21  4d6x100gp  F  7  11-21  1d10x1,000gp  G, F  12  
22-44  4d8x100gp  F, F  7  22-44  3d4x1,000gp  H, C  12, 6  
45-60  6d4x100gp  C  7,2  45-60  1d12x1,000gp  I  13  
61-78  6d4x100gp  F, F, D  8  61-78  1d12x1,000gp  H, G  13, 8  
79-83  4d10x100gp  C,F  8  79-83  3d4x100pp  I, F, E  14  
84-91  4d10x10pp  C, E  9  84-91  3d4x100pp  I, E  14, 8  
92-99  3d10x10pp  G, F  10  92-99  2d6x100pp  I, F, E  15  
100  4d10x10pp  G, F  11  100  3d4x100pp  l, F, E  16  
12  01-07  3d12x1,000sp  F  7  17  01-07  3d4x1,000gp  H  12  
08-10  4d8x1,000sp  F, D, C  7  08-10  ld12x1,000gp  H, F, F  12  
11-21  3d12x1,000sp  F  8  11-21  1d12x1,000gp  H, F  13  
22-44  3d12x100gp  C  8  22-44  2d8x1,000gp  I  13  
45-60  1d4x1,000gp  G,E  8  45-60  3d4x1,000gp  I, C  14  
61-78  1d4x1,000gp  G  9  61-78  3d4x1,000gp  I  14, 7  
79-83  1d6x1,000gp  H  9  79-83  2d8x1,000gp  l, G  15  
84-91  1d6x100pp  G, F, F  10  84-91  2d8x1,000gp  I  16  
92-99  1d4x100pp  H  11  92-99  3d4x1,000gp  l, G  17  
100  1d6x100pp  H  12  100  2d8x1,000gp  l, G  18  
13  01-07  4d12x100gp  F  8  18  01-07  2d8x1,000gp  H, G  13  
08-10  1d4x1,000gp  F, E, C  8  08-10  3d4x1,000gp  I  14  
11-21  1d4x1,000gp  F, C  9  11-21  3d4x1,000gp  H, G  14, 9  
22-44  1d8x1,000gp  G, D  9  22-44  4d4x1,000gp  I  15  
45-60  1d6x1,000gp  G, F  10  45-60  2d8x1,000gp  l, H  15  
61-78  1d6x1,000gp  G, E  10, 5  61-78  2d8x1,000gp  I, F  16  
79-83  1d8x1,000gp  H, E  11  79-83  4d4x100pp  l, G  17  
84-91  1d8x100pp  H  11, 5  84-91  4d4x100pp  I, F  18  
92-99  1d6x100pp  H, F  12  92-99  2d8x100pp  l, G  19  
100  1d8x100pp  H, F  13  100  4d4x100pp  l, G  20  
14  01-07  1d6x1,000gp  F, D  9  19  01-07  3d6x1,000gp  I  14  
08-10  1d6x1,000gp  F, E  9  08-10  2d8x1,000gp  I, F  15  
11-21  1d6x1,000gp  F,D  10  11-21  2d8x1,000gp  I  15,7  
22-44  2d4x1,000gp  G, F  10, 5  22-44  3d8x1,000gp  I, F  16  
45-60  1d8x1,000gp  H  11  45-60  2d10x1,000gp  l, H  16,10  
61-78  1d8x1,000gp  C, F  11, 6  61-78  2d10x100pp  I, F  17  
79-83  2d4x1,000gp  H, F  12  79-83  3d8x100pp  I, H  18  
84-91  2d4x100pp  H  12, 5  84-91  3d8x100pp  I, F  19  
92-99  1d8x100pp  H, G  13  92-99  3d6x100pp  I, H  20  
100  2d4x100pp  H, G  14  100  3d8x100pp  I, H  21  
15  01-07  2d4x1,000gp  C  10  20  01-07  2d12x1,000gp  I, F, F  15  
08-10  1d8x1,000gp  C, F  10  08-10  2d10x1,000gp  I, H  16  
11-21  1d8x1,000gp  G, E  11  11-21  2d10x1,000gp  l,F, F  17  
22-44  1d12x1,000gp  H, F  11  22-44  4d6x1,000gp  I, H  18  
45-60  1d10x1,000gp  H, G  12  45-60  2d12x1,000gp  I, H,G  19  
61-78  1d10x1,000gp  H, F  12, 8  61-78  2d12x100pp  I, H  20  
79-83  2d6x100pp  H, G, E  13  79-83  4d6x100pp  I, H, G  21  
84-91  2d6x100pp  H, G  13, 6  84-91  4d6x100pp  I, H  22  
92-99  1d12x100pp  H, G, F  14  92-95  2d12x100pp  I, H, G  23  
100  1d12x100pp  H, G, F  15  96-99  2d12x100pp  I, H, G  24  
99-100  2d12x100pp  I, I  25  

TABLE A-2: GOODS 

Type  Value  Average  
A  4d4 gp  10 gp  
B  2d4x10gp  50 gp  
C  4d4x10gp  100 gp  
D  1d4x100gp  250 gp  
E  2d4x100gp  500 gp  
F  4d4x100gp  1,000 gp  
C  1d4x1,000gp  2,500 gp  
H  2d4x1,000gp  5,000 gp  
I  4d4x1,000gp  10,000 gp  

SAMPLE GEMS/ART Type A: Average Value 10 gp 
banded, eye, or moss agate azurite blue quartz hematite lapis lazuli malachite obsidian rhodochrosite tiger eye turquoise freshwater pearl steel pledge pin boarskin hat embroidered linen blanket platter carved from maple sealskin boots teak bowl cotton tunic with royal crest bronze spectacles granite dice satin belt hammered brass wine cup 
Type B: Average Value 50 gp 

bloodstone carnelian chalcedony chrysoprase citrine iolite jasper moonstone onyx peridot clear quartz sard sardonyx rose, smoky, or star rose quartz zircon silver ewer carved bone or ivory statuette small gold bracelet bronze statue of a knight mahogany bust of a poet silver ring with blue quartz small perfume bottle of black crystal purple velvet gloves with silver stitching ornate wooden box bronze earrings set with ceramic ovals copper horn ringed with seashells oak candlestick mahogany tray carved with flowers rhinoceros-hide sack 
peacock-feather mask broad-brimmed velvet hat zircon-studded dancing slippers 
Type C: Average Value 100 gp 
amber amethyst chrysoberyl coral red or brown-green garnet jade jet white, golden, pink, or silver pearl red, red-brown or deep green spinel tourmaline cloth of gold vestments black velvet mask adorned with citrines silver chalice with lapis inlay coral saucer heraldic banner edged with swan feathers marble relief of dwarf wrestlers copper anklet plated with silver prayer mat with inlaid gold thread 
Type D: Average Value 250 gp 
large wool tapestry brass mug with jade inlays harp painted with pastoral scene mountain landscape in ash frame wall hanging of a forest in black ink velvet cloak with eagle feathers small marble statue of an athlete granite cup carved with staring eyes ivory bust of a high priest mithral circlet engraved with elvish poetry dragonhide gloves onyx hourglass set with malachite coral brooch with oval jasper setting gold anklet with bloodstone cabochons adamantine armband with filigree 
carvings oil painting of a royal wedding jade cameo pendant life-size darkwood cat sculpture with 
yellow topaz eyes 
Type E: Average Value 500 gp alexandrite aquamarine violet garnet black pearl deep blue spinel golden yellow topaz silver comb with moonstones silver-plated scabbard with jet cabochons carved darkwood harp with ivory inlay 
and zircon gems solid gold idol (10 lb.) linen tapestry depicting giants destroying 
a town obsidian statue of a hunting dog painting of a sailing ship onyx sphere with trees carved in relief silk banner embroidered with performing 
musician small masterpiece portrait in gold frame inlaid with opal 
Type F: Average Value 1,000 gp 
emerald white, black, or fire opal blue sapphire fiery yellow or rich purple corundum blue or black star sapphire star ruby gold dragon comb with red garnet eye gold and topaz bottle stopper cork ceremonial electrum dagger with star 
ruby in pommel eyepatch with mock eye of sapphire and 
moonstone fire opal pendant on gold chain masterpiece portrait of an elite general dinosaurhide tapestry depicting a mage mother-of-pearl statue of a naga mithral comb with opal runes silver crown with opal inlay vestments of celestial lion fur set of six gold and silver bells with 
jeweled handles 
Type G: Average Value 2,500 gp 
embroidered silk and velvet mantle with 
moonstones sapphire pendant on gold chain embroidered and bejeweled glove jeweled anklet golden circlet with four aquamarines necklace of pink pearls basalt pyramid with images of dragons 
inlaid in gems lead crown adorned with black pearls bejeweled gold tiara shaped like dragon 
horns bronze music box with pearl inlay mahogany bracelet plated with gold and 
platinum dragonhide formal shoes with electrum buckles 
Type H: Average Value 5,000 gp 
bright green emerald blue-white, canary, pink, brown, or blue 
diamond jacinth jeweled gold crown jeweled electrum ring bone mug set with opals platinum sunburst crown 
Type I: Average Value 10,000 gp 
gold and ruby ring gold cup set with emeralds regal scepter set with sapphires platinum locket ringed with garnets mithral statue of a noble horse platinum tiara gilt dragon's skull with opal eyes and 
adamantine teeth 

1/2-LEVELd% 
01 02-03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12-13 14-16 17-18 19-20 21-22 23 24 25 26 27-28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44-45 46-47 48-49 50-51 52-53 54-56 57-65 66-68 69-71 72-75 76-78 79-81 
82-83 84-85 86-88 89-90 91-92 93-94 95-98 99-100 
 ITEMS Page 
P128 P126 S42 P215 P216 S59 P219 P248 P253 P267 P128 P127 P128 P130 P128 S16 S27 S31 P212 P215 P222 P226 S108 P256 P266 P266 P266 P266 P271 S174 P274 S189 S193 P281 S229 P129 P128 M152 P130 P130 P251 P215 P226 P226 P249 P250 P266 
P271 P278 S229 D264 M185 P128 P130 D268 
Item Name 
Acid Lantern, bullseye Scroll of caltrops  (A) 
SC
Scroll of create water (D) Scroll of dancing lights (A) Scroll of dawn  (D) 
SC
Scroll of detect magic (A or D) 
Scroll of light (A or D) 
Scroll of message (A) 
Scroll of purify food and drink (D) 
Alchemist's fire 
Rope, silk (100 ft.) 
Smokesticks 
Holy symbol, silver 
Holy water 
Scroll of aspect of the wolf  (D) 

SC
Scroll of benign transposition  (A) 
SC
Scroll of blessed aim  (D) 
SC

Scroll of comprehend languages (A or D) 
Scroll of cure light wounds (D) 
Scroll of disguise self (A) 
Scroll of endure elements (A or D) 
Scroll of hail of stone  (A) 

SC
Scroll of mount (A) 
Scroll of protection from chaos (A or D) 
Scroll of protection from evil (A or D) 
Scroll of protection from good (A or D) 
Scroll of protection from law (A or D) 
Scroll of remove fear (A or D) 
Scroll of resurgence  (D) 

SC
Scroll of sanctuary (D) Scroll of sign  (D) 
SC
Scroll of snake's swiftness  (D) 
SC
Scroll of speak with animals (D) Scroll of lesser vigor  (D) 
SC
Thunderstone Antitoxin Blessed bandage (5) Disguise kit Healer's kit Oil of magic weapon Potion of cure light wounds Potion of endure elements Potion of enlarge person Potion of mage armor Potion of magic fang Potion of protection from chaos/evil/ good/law Potion of remove fear Potion of shield of faith +2 Potion of lesser vigor 
SC 
Quaal's feather token, anchor Skill shard Tanglefoot bag Thieves' tools, masterwork Universal solvent 
1ST-LEVELd% 
01-04 05-07 08-10 11 12-14 15 16 17-18 19 20-21 22-25 26 27 28 29-30 31-32 33-34 35-37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44-45 46-49 50-52 53-55 56-57 58 59 60 61 62-63 64-71 72-73 74 75-78 79-84 85 86 87 88-89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 
 ITEMS 
Page 

P219 
P248 
P269 
P130 
P124 
M64 
D228 
P205 
P205 
P128 
P243 
M156 
D255 
S23 
P203 
P207 
P208 
P216 
P216 
P217 
S76 
P230 
S102 
P236 
P245 
P246 
P271 
P272 
P272 
P275 
P279 
D268 
S27 
P205 
P215 
P226 
S229 
P249 
P251 
P269 
S173 
S174 
P278 
S193 
P125 
P125 
P125 
P125 
P125 
P125 
P125 
P126 
P124 
P125 
Item Name 

Wand of detect magic (10 charges) Wand of light (10 charges) Wand of read magic (10 charges) Climber's kit Chain shirt Crystal of illumination, least Sleep arrow Oil of bless weapon Scroll of bless weapon (D) Everburning torch Scroll of identify (A) Daylight pellet Elixir of love Scroll of baleful transposition  (A) 
SC

Scroll of bear's endurance (A or D) 
Scroll of bull's strength (A or D) 
Scroll of cat's grace (A or D) 
Scroll of cure moderate wounds (D) 
Scroll of darkvision (A) 
Scroll of delay poison (D) 
Scroll of earthbind (A or D) 

SC

Scroll of find traps (D) 
Scroll of ghost touch armor  (A or D) 

SC

Scroll of glitterdust (A) 
Scroll of invisibility (A) 
Scroll of knock (A) 
Scroll of remove paralysis (D) 
Scroll of resist energy (A or D) 
Scroll of lesser restoration (D) 
Scroll of see invisibility (A) 
Scroll of silence (D) 
Unguent of timelessness 
Wand of benign transposition  (10 charges) 

SC

Wand of bless (10 charges) 
Wand of cure light wounds (10 charges) 
Wand of enlarge person (10 charges) 
Wand of lesser vigor  (10 charges) 

SC

Wand of mage armor (10 charges) 
Wand of magic missile (CL 1st, 10 charges) 
Wand of ray of enfeeblement (10 charges) 
Wand of repair light damage  (10 charges) 

SC

Wand of resurgence  (10 charges) 
SC

Wand of shield (10 charges) 
Wand of snake's swiftness  (10 charges) 

SC

Light wooden shield, masterwork Heavy wooden shield, masterwork Light steel shield, masterwork Buckler, masterwork Leather, masterwork Hide armor, masterwork Heavy steel shield, masterwork Studded leather, masterwork Chainmail Tower shield, masterwork 
2ND-LEVEL ITEMS 76 P250 Scroll of magic circle against good (A or D) 
d% 
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34-37 38 39 40 41 42 43-44 45 46 47-48 49-50 51 52 53 54 55 56-58 59 60 61 62-63 64 65-66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 
Page 
P200 M25 M160 D264 M185 M188 P124 D221 D221 M25 D255 D255 D255 D255 D256 M162 M162 M131 D266 M24 M64 M153 M65 M65 M26 M159 M52 P216 P203 P203 P206 P207 P208 P216 P216 P217 P225 P233 P245 P272 P248 P259 P271 P272 P278 P283 D264 M186 D227 M282 D228 D227 P124 M160 P214 P216 P216 P223 P231 P232 P239 P245 P248 P249 P249 
Item Name 
Scroll of arcane lock (A) 
Crystal of lifekeeping, least 
Everfull mug 
Quaal's feather token, fan 
Skill shard, greater 
Tanglepatch 
Chain shirt, masterwork 
Darkwood shield 
Darkwood buckler 

Crystal of aquatic action, least 
Dust of tracelessness 
Elixir of hiding 
Elixir of sneaking 
Elixir of swimming 
Elixir of vision 
Incense of concentration 

jumping caltrops Safewing emblem Silversheen Crystal of adamant armor, least 
Crystal of adamant weaponry, least Blight stone 
Crystal of return, least Crystal of security, least 
Crystal of stamina, least Elixir of flaming fists Fountainhead arrow 
Oil of darkness 
Potion of barkskin +2 
Potion of bear's endurance 
Potion of blur 
Potion of bull's strength 
Potion of cat's grace 

Potion of cure moderate wounds 
Potion of darkvision 
Potion of delay poison 
Potion of eagle's splendor 
Potion of fox's cunning 
Potion of invisibility 
Potion of lesser restoration 
Potion of levitate 
Potion of owl's wisdom 

Potion of remove paralysis Potion of resist energy (type) 10 
Potion of shield of faith +3 
Potion of spider climb 
Quaal's feather token, bird 
Stench stone 
Screaming bolt 
Masterwork weapon 
Silver dagger, masterwork 

Cold iron longsword, masterwork 
Breastplate, masterwork 
Everlasting rations 

Scroll of create food and water (D) 
Scroll of cure serious wounds (D) 
Scroll of daylight (A or D) 

Scroll of dispel magic (A or D) 
Scroll of fireball (A) 
Scroll of fly (A) 
Scroll of haste (A) 

Scroll of invisibility purge (D) 
Scroll of lightning bolt (A) 

Scroll of magic circle against chaos (A or D) 
Scroll of magic circle against evil (A or D) 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94-95 96 97 98-99 100 
3RD-LEVELd% 
01 
02 
03 
04 
05 
06 
07 
08 
09 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
21 
22 
23 
24 
25 
26 
27 
28 
29 
30 
31 
32 
33 
34 
35 
36 
37 
38 
39 
40 
41 
42 

P250 P257 P266 P270 P270 P271 S193 P281 P294 S229 S229 P300 M70 M85 M64 M64 M26 M158 M159 M163 D264 M66 
 ITEMS Page 
M161 D264 M68 M68 M72 M46 M77 M83 M85 M85 M86 M86 M86 M86 M64 M24 
M24 M64 M25 M25 M25 M25 M158 M158 D256 M26 M163 M65 D264 M120 M26 M26 M133 M139 M188 M190 M147 M118 M76 M78 M113 M118 

Scroll of magic circle against law (A or D) 
Scroll of neutralize poison (D) 
Scroll of protection from energy (A or D) 
Scroll of remove blindness/deafness (D) 
Scroll of remove curse (D) 
Scroll of remove disease (D) 
Scroll of mass snake's swiftness  (D) 

SC

Scroll of speak with dead (D) 
Scroll of tongues (A) 
Scroll of vigor  (D) 

SC

Scroll of mass lesser vigor  (D) 
SC

Scroll of water breathing (A or D) Amulet of toxin delay Charm of countersong Crystal of illumination, lesser Crystal of life drinking, least Crystal of screening, least Electric eel elixir Essentia jewel Life ring Quaal's feather token, tree Revelation crystal, least 
Item Name 
Glitter stone Quaal's feather token, swan boat Amber amulet of vermin, giant bee Amulet of aquatic salvation Arcanist's gloves Arrow (or bolt) of biting Boots of landing Brute gauntlets Chronocharm of the celestial wanderer Chronocharm of the fateweaver Chronocharm of the grand master Chronocharm of the horizon walker Chronocharm of the laughing rogue Chronocharm of the uncaring archmage Crystal of energy assault, least Clasp of energy protection, least Crystal of adaptation, least Crystal of arcane steel, least Crystal of arrow deflection, least Crystal of bent sight Crystal of glancing blows, least Crystal of mind cloaking, least Dust of dispersion Elixir of adamantine blood Elixir of truth Iron ward diamond, least Magic bedroll Phoenix ash threat, least Quaal's feather token, whip Reach gauntlets Restful crystal Rubicund frenzy, least Shiftweave Symbol of transfiguration Talisman of the disk Troll gut rope Watch lamp Necklace of copper dragon scales Boots of agile leaping Boots of stomping Lenses of bright vision Pearl of speech 
43 44 45 46 
47 48 
49 
50 
51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74-75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 
83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 P203 P278 M148 M68 
M68 
M68 
M68 
M68 
P272 P196 P215 S59 P217 P221 P222 P233 P243 P245 S129 P247 S152 P270 S175 P275 P294 M186 M90 M110 P251 P246 P251 P216 P223 P232 P234 P250 P239 P240 P249 
P257 P266 P270 P270 P271 S229 P300 M169 M184 P251 M68 M151 M160 M72 M215 M169 M176 P272 
4TH-LEVEL ITEMS 
d%  Page  
01  P215  
02  P226  
03  P249  

Potion of barkskin +3 Potion of shield of faith +4 Wink brooch Amber amulet of vermin, giant praying mantis Amber amulet of vermin, giant queen ant Amber amulet of vermin, Huge monstrous centipede Amber amulet of vermin, Huge monstrous scorpion Amber amulet of vermin, Large monstrous spider Potion of resist energy (type) 20 (A or D) Scroll of air walk (D) Scroll of cure critical wounds  (D) 
SC
Scroll of darkvision, mass  (A) 
SC
Scroll of death ward (D) 
Scroll of dimensional anchor (A or D) 
Scroll of dismissal (D) 
Scroll of freedom of movement (D) 
Scroll of ice storm (A) 
Scroll of greater invisibility (A) 
Scroll of know vulnerabilities  (A) 

SC
Scroll of Leomund's secure shelter (A) 
Scroll of panacea  (D) 
SC
Scroll of remove curse (A or D) 
Scroll of revenance  (D) 
SC
Scroll of sending (D) 
Scroll of tongues (D) 
Soulvoid orb 
Crest of bravery 
Healing belt 
Oil of greater magic weapon +1 
Oil of keen edge 
Oil of magic vestment +1 
Potion of cure serious wounds 
Potion of displacement 
Potion of fly 
Potion of gaseous form 
Potion of greater magic fang +1 
Potion of haste 
Potion of heroism 

Potion of magic circle against chaos/evil/ 
good/law Potion of neutralize poison Potion of protection from energy Potion of remove blindness/deafness Potion of remove curse Potion of remove disease Potion of vigor 
SC 
Potion of water breathing 
Powder of the black veil 
Scrying beacon 

Wand of magic missile (CL 5th, 10 charges) 
Amber amulet of vermin, giant wasp Bag of endless caltrops Everlasting feedbag 
Armband of elusive action Ephod of authority 
SP 
Porcupine elixir 
Rope of stone 
Scroll of restoration (D) 
Item Name 
Eternal wand of cure light wounds 
Eternal wand of enlarge person 
Eternal wand of mage armor 04 
05 
06 07 08 09 
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 
21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 
31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 
41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 
51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 
61 62 63 64-73 74 75 76 77 78 P251 P266 
P269 S173 P278 D255 M67 D248 M152 M26 D258 M167 M118 P203 P203 P206 P207 P208 P216 P217 P245 P246 P254 S173 P274 P275 P284 D250 M82 M83 M211 M87 D253 M154 M25 M64 M25 M65 M26 M65 M65 M94 M158 M96 M65 M102 M107 M204 M161 M113 D263 D264 M120 M173 M66 M122 D266 M141 M66 M147 M282 D221 P237 D220 D255 P272 

Eternal wand of magic missile Eternal wand of protection from chaos/evil/ good/law Eternal wand of ray of enfeeblement Eternal wand of repair light damage 
SC 

Eternal wand of shield Dust of dryness Acrobat boots Bag of tricks, gray Blast disk Crystal of stamina, lesser Hand of the mage Pearl of brain lock Piercer cloak Potion of barkskin +4 Wand of bear's endurance (10 charges) Wand of blur (10 charges) Wand of bull's strength (10 charges) Wand of cat's grace (10 charges) Wand of cure moderate wounds (10 charges) Wand of delay poison (10 charges) Wand of invisibility (10 charges) Wand of knock (10 charges) Wand of mirror image (10 charges) Wand of repair moderate damage  (10 charges) 
SC

Wand of scorching ray (10 charges) Wand of see invisibility (10 charges) Scroll of stoneskin (A) Bracers of armor +1 Brawler's gauntlets Brooch of stability Burning veil 
SP 

Cloak of elemental protection Cloak of resistance +1 Cognizance crystal, 1 point Crystal of aquatic action, lesser Crystal of illumination, greater Crystal of lifekeeping, lesser Crystal of return, lesser Crystal of screening, lesser Crystal of security, lesser Demolition crystal, least Dispelling cord Drums of marching Eagle claw talisman Fiendslayer crystal, least Gauntlets of energy transformation Cloves of spell disruption Gloves of the starry sky 
SP 

Glyph seal Lightning gauntlets Pearl of power, 1st-level spell Phylactery of faithfulness Reliquary holy symbol Replenishing skin Revelation crystal, lesser Ring of brief blessing Salve of slipperiness Third eye improvisation Truedeath crystal, least Vest of resistance +1 +1 armor/shield Mithral heavy shield Potion of good hope Mithral shirt Elixir of fire breath Potion of resist energy (type) 30 
79 P207 Scroll of break enchantment (A) 44 M164 Memento magica, 1st-level spell 80 P212 Scroll of contact other plane (A) 45 M72 Artificer's monocle 81 S64 Scroll of greater dimension door  (A) 46 M72 Bear helm 
SC

82 P222 Scroll of dismissal (A) 47 M74 Belt of one mighty blow 83 P223 Scroll of disrupting weapon (D) 48-49 M77 Boots of dragonstriding 84 S92 Scroll of fire shield, mass  (A) 50-51 M78 Boots of the mountain king 
SC

85 S96 Scroll of mass fly  (A) 52-53 M190 Tome of worldly memory 
SC

86 P256 Scroll of Mordenkainen's private sanctum (A) 54-55 M11o Headband of the lorebinder 87 P262 Scroll of plane shift (D) 56-57 M173 Rhino elixir 88 P275 Scroll of sending (A) 58-59 P124 Full plate, masterwork 89 P292 Scroll of teleport (A) 60-61 D263 Necklace of fireballs type I 90 S229 Scroll of vigorous circle  (D) 62 P205 Scroll of blade barrier (D) 
SC

91 D264 Pipes of the sewers 63 P208 Scroll of chain lightning (A) 92 M68 Amber amulet of vermin, giant stag beetle 64 S48 Scroll of cloak of the sea  (A) 
SC

93 M157 Dragon's draught, brass 65-67 P222 Scroll of disintegrate (A) 94 M157 Dragon's draught, white 68-70 P223 Scroll of greater dispel magic (A or D) 95 D255 Dust of illusion 71 S80 Scroll of energy immunity  (D) 
SC

96 P251 Oil of greater magic weapon +2 72-72 P230 Scroll of find the path (D) 97 P251 Oil of magic vestment +2 73 S103 Scroll of ghost trap  (D) 
SC

98 P203 Potion of barkskin +5 74-76 P239 Scroll of harm (D) 99 P250 Potion of greater magic fang +2 77-80 P239 Scroll of heal (D) 100 D257 Goggles of minute seeing 81 P277 Scroll of shadow walk (A) 
82-83 P285 Scroll of stone to flesh (A) 
5TH-LEVEL ITEMS 
d% 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09  Page M151 M161 M116 M183 M184 M136 P251 M148 P296  Item Name Beetle elixir Fochlucan bandore Medal of gallantry Salve of minor spell resistance Scrying shard Snakeblood tooth Wand of magic missile (CL 9th, 10 charges) Wyrmfang amulet Scroll of true seeing (D)  84-85 86-87 88 89 90-92 93-94 95 96-97 98-99 100  P302 D255 M105 D258 P251 P251 D264 P250 D265 M186  Scroll of wind walk (D) Dust of appearance Githborn talisman Hat of disguise Oil of greater magic weapon +3 Oil of magic vestment +3 Pipes of sounding Potion of greater magic fang +3 Quiver of Ehlonna Sphere of awakening  
10  M24  Crystal of adamant armor, lesser  6TH-LEVEL ITEMS  
11  M64  Crystal of adamant weaponry, lesser  d%  Page  Item Name  
12  M71  Anklet of translocation  01  M68  Adamantine mind blade gauntlets  
13  M150  Arcane thieves' tools  02  D246  Amulet of natural armor +1  
14  M193  Armband of  confrontation  03  M69  Amulet of retributive healing  
15  M208  Badge of  valor  S P  04  M70  Amulet of teamwork  
16  M150  SP Bag of boulders  05  M74  Belt of theft-healing  
17  M75  Blighter's hex-eye  06  M76  Boots of the battle charger  
18  M81  Bracers of quick strike  07  M80  Bracers of the entangling blast  
19  M87  Cloak of predatory vigor  08  M84  Caduceus bracers  
20  M201  Cobra  straps  09  M84  Cape of the viper  
21  M158  SP Ehlonna's seed  pouch  10  M212  Caustic  veil  
22  M215  Lenses of  revelation  R  11  M64  SP Crystal of arcane steel, lesser  
23  M174  Rod of frost  S P  12  M93  Devastation gauntlets  
24  M175  Rod of sliding  13  M94  Dimension stride boots  
25-26  M184  Sending stones (pair)  14  M95  Dragon spirit amulet  
27  M186  Spool of endless rope  15  M95  Dragon spirit cincture  
28  M197  Standard of  valor  16  M160  Field provisions box  
29  M138  Steadfast boots  SP  17  M101  Gauntlets of arrow reflection  
30  M150  Aroma of dreams  18  M103  Gauntlets of extended range  
31  M80  Bracers of great collision  19  M103  Gauntlets of giantfelling  
32  D250  Brooch of shielding  20  M104  Gauntlets of throwing  
33  M153  Camouflage paint  21  M105  Gloves of fortunate striking  
34  M24  Clasp of energy protection, lesser  22  M106  Gloves of lightning  
35  M24  Crystal of adaptation, lesser  23  M108  Goggles of lifesight  
36  M64  Crystal of life drinking, lesser  24  M108  Goodberry bracelet  
37  M96  Empowered spellshard, 1st-level spell  25  M108  Greatreach bracers  
38  M97  Enduring amulet  26  M109  Headband of conscious effort  
39  M160  Exploding spike  27  M111  Helm of battle  
40  M161  Hammersphere  28  M208  Helm of  tactics  
41  M113  Inquisitor bracers  29  D259  S P Heward's handy haversack  
42  D226  Javelin of lightning  30  D259  Horn of fog  
31  M26  Iron ward diamond, lesser  

32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54-60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 
71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 
88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 M116 
M167 
M168 
M65 
M120 M122 M123 M124 M126 D232 M122 M127 M130 M174 M176 M26 M133 M136 M185 M138 M143 M146 
M282 
M69 
M97 
M163 M143 S176 M21 M105 D232 D255 M162 P207 P216 P223 P223 P231 P232 P239 P245 P248 S229 S173 S229 P203 S80 P227 P245 P256 
P270 P282 P289 P293 D228 M70 M80 M81 M83 M89 M174 M121 M131 
Mask of sweet air Orb of environmental adaptation Pearl of breath crisis Phoenix ash threat, lesser Rearguard's cape Ring of communication Ring of floating Ring of four winds Ring of piercing spells Ring of protection +1 Ring of the darkhidden Ring of silent spells Rock boots Rod of grievous wounds Rod of viscid globs Rubicund frenzy, lesser Sepulchral vest Silkslick belt Slashing sand Spellsink scarab Torc of displacement Vest of defense +1 weapon Amulet of incarnum shielding Enemy spirit pouch Mac-Fuirmidh cithern Third eye surge Scroll of revivify  (D) 
SC

Shield of mercy 
Gloves of agile striking 
Ring of feather falling 
Elemental gem 
Healing salve 
Wand of call lightning (10 charges) 
Wand of cure serious wounds (10 charges) 
Wand of dispel magic (10 charges) 
Wand of displacement (10 charges) 
Wand of fireball (10 charges) 
Wand of fly (101charges) 
Wand of haste (10 charges) 
Wand of invisibility sphere (10 charges) 
Wand of lightning bolt (10 charges) 
Wand of mass lesser vigor  (10 charges) 

SC

Wand of repair serious damage  (10 charges] 
SC
Wand of vigor  (10 charges) 
SC
Scroll of banishment (A) 
Scroll of energy immunity  (A) 

SC
Scroll of ethereal jaunt (A or D) 

Scroll of invisibility, mass (A) 
Scroll of Mordenkainen's magnificent 
mansion (A) 

Scroll of regenerate (D) 
Scroll of spell turning (A) 

Scroll of sunbeam (D) 

Scroll of teleport, greater (A) 

Slaying arrow 

Amulet of tears 
Bracers of arcane freedom 
Bracers of opportunity 
Brute ring 

Cloak of weaponry 
Rod of fumbling 
Repelling gauntlets 

Sandals of sprinting 

7TH-LEVEL ITEMS d% Page 
S174 M157 M157 P251 P251 P250 D265 P175 D266 D248 D250 M77 D250 D251 M153 D253 M87 M90 M155 M91 M91 M25 D256 M105 M108 D266 M162 D230 D232 D233 D233 M138 M141 M141 M144 M145 M202 M141 M64 M26 M165 D263 M201 D267 P275 M149 M77 M162 M53 D248 D248 M73 M83 D252 M87 M24 M90 M215 M90 M24 M25 M25 M26 M65 M65 
Item Name 

Scroll of restoration, mass  (D) 
SC

Dragon's draught, black Dragon's draught, copper Oil of greater magic weapon +4 Oil of magic vestment +4 Potion of greater magic fang +4 Robe of bones Scroll of revenance  (A) 
SC

Sovereign glue Bag of holding type I Boots of elvenkind Boots of jumping Boots of the winterlands Candle of truth Censer of the last breath 
R

Cloak of elvenkind Cloak of quills Counterstrike bracers Crystal anchor of alertness Crystal mask of knowledge Crystal mask of languages Crystal of arrow deflection, lesser Eyes of the eagle Cloves of eldritch admixture Goggles of foefinding Golembane scarab Icy strand of the north Ring of climbing Ring of jumping Ring of sustenance Ring of swimming Spellsight spectacles Third eye dampening Third eye expose Tunic of steady spellcasting Vanisher cloak Bands of blood rage 
SP 

Third eye freedom Crystal of energy assault, lesser Crystal of stamina, greater Metamagic rod, Substitution, lesser Necklace of fireballs type II Panther mask 
SP 

Stone of alarm Wand of searing light (CL 6th, 10 charges) Aberrant sphere Boots of desperation Infinite scrollcase Meteoric knife Bag of tricks, rust Bead of force Belt of growth Burnoose of 1,001 thorns Chime of opening Circlet of solace Clasp of energy protection, greater Contact medallion Cord of favor 
SP 
Corsair's eye patch Crystal of adaptation, greater Crystal of aquatic action, greater Crystal of glancing blows, lesser Crystal of screening, greater Crystal of security, greater Demolition crystal, lesser 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 
M96 
M97 
M65 
M106 
M107 
M110 
D260 
D236 
D236 
M165 
D236 
P251 
P251 
P250 
D266 S39 
P215 P217 P221 P222 P225 P231 S130 P242 S125 P245 P253 P262 P262 P289 M136 M188 M141 D226 D226 

8TH-LEVEL ITEMS 
d% 
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 
23 
24 25 26 27 28 29 30 
Page 
M82 D221 M154 M107 M112 M167 M168 M119 M173 M187 M145 M80 M98 M100 M111 M119 M136 M156 M115 M120 M137 M187 M143 D220 M24 M64 M214 M48 M109 M132 Empowered spellshard, 2nd-level spell Essentia helm Fiendslayer crystal, lesser Gloves of manual prowess Gloves of object reading Heartseeking amulet Horseshoes of speed Metamagic rod, Enlarge, lesser Metamagic rod, Extend, lesser Metamagic rod, Sculpting, lesser Metamagic rod, Silent, lesser Oil of greater magic weapon +5 Oil of magic vestment +5 Potion of greater magic fang +5 Rope of climbing Scroll of brilliant aura  (D) 

SC

Scroll of cure critical wounds, mass (D) Scroll of death ward, mass  (D) 
SC

Scroll of dimensional lock (A or D) 
Scroll of discern location (D) 
Scroll of earthquake (D) 
Scroll of fire storm (D) 
Scroll of ghostform  (A) 

SC

Scroll of horrid wilting (A) 
Scroll of invisibility, superior  (A) 

SC

Scroll of iron body (A) 
Scroll of mind blank (A) 
Scroll of greater plane shift (A) 
Scroll of polar ray (A) 
Scroll of sunburst (D) 
Soulsmite gauntlets 
Talisman of undead mastery 
Third eye clarity 
Adamantine dagger 
Adamantine battleaxe 

Item Name 
Brooch of avoidance Caster's shield Chime of harmonic agony Gloves of the uldra savant Hexbands Orb of mental renewal Pipes of frenzied revelry 
R

Rapidstrike bracers Rod of bodily restoration Summoner's totem Vanguard treads Bracers of the blast barrier Eyes of expanded vision Formless vest Hellcat gauntlets Rags of restraint Skirmisher boots Domain draught Mask of blood Reins of ascension Spellmight bracers Survival pouch Torc of the titans Dragonhide plate Crystal of adamant armor, greater Crystal of adamant weaponry, greater Badge of glory 
SP 
Bow of the wintermoon 
R
Hair shirt of suffering Scout's headband 
31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 
93 94 95 96 97-100 
M20 M151 M195 M157 M157 D255 M100 D261 M114 M193 M119 M172 M210 M126 M173 M185 M185 M144 M75 M159 M165 M117 M121 M133 D256 P233 P239 D246 M79 M79 D250 M81 D253 D253 M154 M25 M65 M94 M216 D257 M103 D257 D257 M161 M205 D258 D260 D261 M115 M200 M118 D263 D263 M118 D263 D230 M175 M175 M133 D267 M206 M139 M143 M213 M147 M190 M282 

Mithralmist shirt Bag of flames Crystal of alacrity 
SP 

Dragon's draught, bronze 
Dragon's draught, green 
Dust of disappearance 
Finned gauntlets 
Lens of detection 
Lockpicking ring 
Mask of mastery 

SP 

Quicksilver boots Radiant sphere Raptor's mask 
SP 

Ring of mystic healing 
Rod of escape 
Shard of the sun 

R

Sleeping spike True strike gauntlets Belt of ultimate athleticism Enveloping pit 
R

Mirror of suggestion Mithral bells Rending gauntlets Shadow maniple Figurine of wondrous power, silver raven Scroll of freedom (A) Scroll of heal, mass (D) Amulet of health +2 Boots of the unending journey 
R

Bracers of accuracy Bracers of armor +2 Bracers of repulsion Cloak of Charisma +2 Cloak of resistance +2 Cognizance crystal, 3 points Crystal of mind cloaking, lesser Crystal of return, greater Dragon mask Gauntlets of ghost fighting 
SP 

Gauntlets of ogre power Gauntlets of the talon 
R

Gloves of arrow snaring Gloves of Dexterity +2 Glyph seal, greater Goggles of the golden sun 
SP 

Headband of intellect +2 Ioun stone, clear spindle Keoghtom's ointment Mask of mental armor Mask of the tiger 
SP 

Necklace of warning Nolzur's marvelous pigments Pearl of power, 2nd-level spell Pendant of joy Periapt of Wisdom +2 Ring of counterspells Rod of silence Rod of sure striking Scry shroud Stone salve Stormfire ring 
SP 

Surcoat of valor Torc of power preservation Veil of storms 
SP 

Vest of resistance +2 Wilding clasp +2 armor/shield 
9TH-LEVEL ITEMS 70 M25 Crystal of arrow deflection, greater 
d% 
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08-09 
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 
21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 
31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 
41 42-43 44-45 46-47 48 49 
51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 
61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 
Page 
D228 M72 M156 M49 D220 M16 M87 P215 P217 
P233 P245 P243 S173 M148 D228 M53 D2263 
M187 M183 M188 P206 P216 P245 P254 S173 P275 S193 P301 P272 M150 M203 M73 D252 M157 M157 M104 M107 M111 M115 M128 P223 P231 P248 P275 M22 M48 M168 M47 D266 P293 D260 M69 D248 M74 M75 M78 M79 M194 D250 M198 M82 M86 M88 M89 M90 Item Name 71 M25 Crystal of glancing blows, greater Slaying arrow, greater 72 M25 Crystal of lifekeeping, greater Armbands of might 73 M66 Truedeath crystal, lesser Doss lute 74 M93 Deathstrike bracers Crystal echoblade 75 M156 Diamondskin decanter Elven chain 76 M95 Dragonscale cloak 
R 

Barricade buckler 77 M65 Fiendslayer crystal, greater Circlet of wild surging 78 M99 Fiery tunic Wand of cure critical wounds (10 charges) 79 M102 Gauntlets of eldritch energy Wand of death ward (10 charges) 80 M103 Gauntlets of lassitude Wand of freedom of movement (10 charges) 81 M104 Ghost shroud Wand of greater invisibility (10 charges) 82 M109 Hand of the oak father Wand of ice storm (10 charges) 83 M111 Helm of gazes Wand of repair critical damage  (10 charges) 84 M208 Horn of resilience 
SP 
SC

White cloak of the spider 85 D235 Immovable rod 
Shatterspike 86 D260 Ioun stone, dusty rose prism Living chain 87 M113 Ki straps Necklace of fireballs type III 88 M116 Mask of silent trickery Strand of lightning 89 M166 Noble pennon Sacred scabbard 90 M167 Orb of blinding Thorn pouch 91 M119 Platinum helm 
R

Eternal wand of blur 92 M169 Portable foxhole Eternal wand of cure moderate wounds 93 M120 Reciprocal bracers Eternal wand of invisibility 94 M66 Revelation crystal, greater Eternal wand of mirror image 95 M122 Ring of arming Eternal wand of repair moderate damage 96 M125 Ring of master artifice, lesser 
SC 

Eternal wand of see invisibility 97 M60 Spider fang Eternal wand of snake's swiftness 98 M144 Vampire torc 
SC 

Eternal wand of web 99 M147 Vestments of ebonsilk 
R

Scroll of greater restoration (D) 100 M66 Witchlight reservoir Aroma of curdled death 
10TH-LEVEL ITEMS 
Barbs of retribution 
d% Page Item Name 
SP 
Belt of the champion 01 M56 Raptor arrow 
R R
Circlet of persuasion 02 M123 Ring of the forcewall Dragon's draught, blue 03 M101 Gauntlets of the blood-lord 

R
Dragon's draught, silver 04 M52 Hooked hammer of the hearthfire 

R
Gem of the glitterdepth 05 D220 Rhino hide 
R
Goggles of day 06 D259 Helm of comprehend languages and Helm of the purple plume read magic 

R
Mask of lies 07 M164 Map of unseen lands 

R
Ring of vengeance 08 D268 Vest of escape Wand of dispel magic (CL 10th, 10 charges) 09 M52 Galeb duhr hammer 

Wand of fireball (CL 10th, 10 charges) 10 M46 Assassin whip Wand of lightning bolt (CL 10th, 10 charges) 11 M62 Trident of serenity Wand of searing light (CL 10th, 10 charges) 12 M53 Manticore greatsword Shield of the severed hand 13 D256 Eversmoking bottle 

R
Bowstaff 14 D262 Murlynd's spoon Personal oasis 15 D263 Necklace of fireballs type IV Bladed crossbow 16 D250 Boots of striding and springing Slippers of spider climbing 17 M157 Dragon's draught, gold Scroll of teleportation circle (A) 18 M157 Dragon's draught, red Incense of meditation 19 M99 Eyes of truth Amulet of fortune prevailing 20 M176 Rope of climbing, superior Bag of holding type II 21 MHO Tabard of the great crusade 

R
Belt of hidden pouches 22 M189 Tome of ancient lore" 

Bolt shirt 23 D268 Wind fan 
Boots of swift passage 24 M21 Shield of the resolute" 

Boots of tremorsense 25 D221 Spined shield Bracers of aerial combat 26 M111 Helm of glorious recovery 

SP 
Bracers of archery, lesser 27 M111 Helm of heroes 
Bracers of blinding strike 28 M60 Staff of the unyielding oak" 

SP 
Bracers of retaliation 29 M199 Claw gloves 
SP 
Circlet of mages 30 D263 Necklace of fireballs type V Cloak of soulbound resistance 31 M68 Amulet of emergency healing Collar of healing 32 D246 Amulet of mighty fists +1 Crimson dragonhide bracers 33 M71 Amulet of wordtwisting 34 35 36 37 38 33 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75-77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 M74 M76 M78 M88 M155 M155 M64 M64 M93 M96 M97 M99 M104 M161 M109 D260 M164 M205 M64 M65 M65 D264 M169 M170 M170 M121 M123 M127 M128 M58 M175 M26 M184 M216 M59 M139 M140 M143 M144 M144 M144 P268 M196 M24 M136 D257 D248 M101 M63 M50 M201 M63 M50 M60 M61 M61 D252 M101 M108 M193 D259 M117 M118 M215 M130 Belt of priestly might Boots of big stepping Boots of sidestepping Cloak of the salamander Conduit rod Cornucopia of the needful 

R

Crystal of arcane steel, greater Crystal of life drinking, greater Deathguardian bracers Empowered spellshard, 3rd-level spell Executioner's hood 
R

Farspeaking amulet Gauntlets of weaponry arcane Globe of sunlight Gwaeron's boots Horseshoes of a zephyr Memento magica, 2nd-level spell Periapt of the sullen sea 
SP 

Crystal of energy assault, greater Demolition crystal, greater Phoenix ash threat, greater Pipes of haunting Psychoactive skin of the celestial Psychoactive skin of ectoplasmic armor Psychoactive skin of the fiend Ring of adamantine touch Ring of essentia Ring of thunderclaps Ring of water breathing Rod of surprises Rod of transposition Rubicund frenzy, greater Shackles of silence Shirt of wraith stalking 
SP 
Spectral dagger Strongarm bracers Tabard of the disembodied 
R
Torc of heroic sacrifice Toxic gloves Transposer cloak Unicorn pendant Scroll of raise dead (D) Shield of vigor 
SP 

Wrapped tower Skull plaque Gloves of swimming and climbing Bag of tricks, tan Gauntlets of the blazing arc Whip of webs Dagger of defiance Scorpion kama 
SP 
Viperblade Death spike Stonereaver Swordbow, light Swordbow Circlet of blasting, minor Gauntlet of infinite blades Greater piwafwi Helm of wounding sight 
SP 
Horn of goodness/evil Monocle of perusal Phoenix helm Phylactery of virtue 
SP 
Robe of retaliation 
11TH-LEVELd% 
01 02-03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29-31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45-47 48-50 51-53 54-56 57-59 60-62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73-76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84-100 
 ITEMS Page 
M192 P284 M61 M78 M194 M105 D266 M190 M213 M51 M72 D249 D253 D250 M54 M56 M60 D248 D263 D250 M96 D258 M114 M125 M125 M126 M189 D246 M204 M152 M85 M88 M64 M100 M101 M52 M105 M106 D258 D258 M112 D260 D260 D260 D260 D260 D260 M26 M114 M200 M195 M116 M117 M119 M121 M123 D232 D232 M177 M132 M183 M135 M188 M142 M144 M282 

Item Name 
Gauntlets of destruction 
SP 

Wand of stoneskin (10 charges) Swordbow, great Boots of skating Gloves of endless javelins 
SP 

Gloves of flame Robe of useful items Tomebound eye of Boccob Veil of whispers 
SP 

The fist Armband of maximized healing Folding boat Cloak of the manta ray Bottle of air Morningstar of the many 
R

Rod of defiance Stunshot sling Bag of holding type III Periapt of health Boots of levitation Dreaming blindfold Harp of charming Lore gem Ring of mystic defiance Ring of mystic fire Ring of mystic lightning Tome of the stilled tongue 
R

Amulet of natural armor +2 Belt of the wide earth 
SP 

Blast globes Chasuble of fell power Cloak of stone Crystal of energy assault, greater Flesh ring of scorn Gauntlet of Gruumsh Ghost net Gloves of the balanced hand Gloves of incarnum theft Golem manual, flesh Hand of glory Horned helm Ioun stone, deep red sphere Ioun stone, incandescent blue sphere loun stone, pale blue rhomboid loun stone, pink and green sphere loun stone, pink rhomboid loun stone, scarlet and blue sphere Iron ward diamond, greater Lightning tunic Mantle of the predator 
SP 

Medallion of aerial defense 
SP 

Mesmerist's gloves Mindvault Psionatrix Ring of antivenom Ring of entropic deflection Ring of mind shielding Ring of protection +2 Runestaff of charming Scentblinder Scrolls of uncertain provenance 
R

Shirt of the leech Talisman of undying fortitude Third eye penetrate Vambraces of warding +2 weapon 
12TH-LEVEL ITEMS 68 M92 Crystal mask of psionic craft 
d% 
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 
21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 
31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 
41 42 43 44-46 47 48 49 
51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 
61 62 63 64 65 66 67 
Page 
M153 D254 D263 M53 M20 M95 M20 M99 D226 M63 M48 M52 M46 D251 M180 M209 D232 D232 D263 M71 M151 M75 D250 M84 D253 M154 M155 D254 M194 D236 M165 M165 D263 D263 M121 M57 M198 M183 M134 M134 M136 M187 M147 M282 M51 D256 M23 D221 M59 M59 M50 M54 M61 M55 M55 M60 D267 M71 M177 D248 M82 M90 M90 M91 M92 
Item Name 
Canaith mandolin Deck of illusions Necklace of fireballs type VI Mace of the dark children Millennial chainmail 
R
Dragonfang gauntlets Owlfeather armor Fanged mask Dagger of venom Warlock's scepter Blazing skylance Forceful skylance Axe of ancestral virtue 
R
Candle of invocation Runestaff of fire Crown of flames 
SP 
Ring of force shield Ring of the ram Necklace of fireballs type VII Ankh of ascension Battle bridle Blindfold of true darkness Bracers of armor +3 Cat's-eye brooch Cloak of resistance +3 Cognizance crystal, 5 points Daern's instant tent Decanter of endless water Helm of the hunter 
SP 
Metamagic rod, Empower, lesser Metamagic rod, Reach, lesser Mirror of time hop Necklace of adaptation Pearl of power, 3rd-level spell Retributive amulet Rod of the recluse 
R
Sandals of the light step 
SP 

Scepter of the netherworld Shirt of bone Shirt of chains Shirt of the treant Stunning spike Vest of resistance +3 +3 armor/shield Dwarf crusher Figurine of wondrous power, serpentine owl Wight hide shield Lion's shield Skewer-of-gnomes 
R
Spear of retribution 
R
Dawnstar 
R
Pick of piercing Sword of virtue beyond reproach" Rapier of desperate measures" Rapier of unerring direction" Sword of mighty thews" Strand of prayer beads, lesser Angelhelm Runestaff of the assassin Bag of holding type IV Bracers of wind Crystal mask of detection Crystal mask of discernment Crystal mask of dread Crystal mask of mindarmor 
69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 
M92 
M25 
D268 
M98 
M99 
D256 
D256 
M104 D257 D260 M113 M117 M171 M122 D230 D232 D233 M126 M127 M130 M174 M175 M131 M185 M137 D267 MHO M141 M141 M142 M66 M146 
13TH-LEVEL ITEMS 
d% 
01 02 03-04 05 06-07 08 09 10 11 12 13-14 15 16-19 20 21-22 23-25 26 27 28 29 30-31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41-42 43 
Page 
D252 
D229 
M18 
M18 
D219 
M210 
M47 M165 D236 M56 M139 M187 P216 P223 P245 P248 S193 S173 D230 M69 M79 M206 M89 M103 D236 D236 M165 D236 D264 D234 M178 M212 

Crystal mask of visual insight Crystal of mind cloaking, greater Druid's vestment Eyes of power leech Fiendhelm Figurine of wondrous power, bronze griffon Figurine of wondrous power, ebony fly Ghoul gauntlets Glove of storing Ioun stone, dark blue rhomboid Lenses of true form Mind blade gauntlet, lesser Psychoactive skin of power damping Ring of avoidance Ring of improved climbing Ring of improved jumping Ring of improved swimming Ring of self-sufficiency Ring of soulbound protection Robe of mysterious conjuration Rod of reversal 
R

Rod of undead mastery Sandals of springing Soul anchor Soulstone Stone horse, courser Third eye aware Third eye concentrate Third eye gather Third eye powerthieve Truedeath crystal, greater Vest of the master evoker 
Item Name 

Cape of the mountebank Trident of warning Foxhide armor Ghoul shell armor Adamantine breastplate Talon scepter 
SP 

Axe of the sea reavers Metamagic rod, Substitution Rod of metal and mineral detection Rod of cats Storm gauntlets Strand of acid pearls Eternal wand of cure serious wounds Eternal wand of displacement Eternal wand of invisibility sphere 44 45-46 47-48 49 50-51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62-64 65-66 67-68 69 70 71 72 73 74-75 76 77 78-79 80 81 82-84 85 86 87 88 89 90-91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98-99 100 D257 
Eternal wand of lightning bolt  
Eternal wand of mass snake's  swiftness  
Eternal wand of repair serious SC damage  
Ring of animal friendship  SC  
Amulet of inviolate form  
Boots of tracklessness  
Bracers of  lightning  
SP Cloak of turn resistance  
Gauntlets of mindfire  
Metamagic rod, Enlarge  
Metamagic rod, Extend  
Metamagic rod, Sculpting  
Metamagic rod, Silent  
Phylactery of undead turning  
Rod of cancellation  
Runestaff of eyes  
Veil of  doors  
SP  

M125 
M73 
M203 D250 M156 M160 D258 D258 
M162 M115 D262 D264 M170 M121 D232 M127 D237 M131 M178 M181 M135 M137 M198 M147 M148 M195 M20 M19 P272 M49 M58 M48 D249 M109 D230 D228 M84 M88 M100 D257 D261 D248 D236 

14TH-LEVEL ITEMS 
d% 
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 
Page 
M19 M192 M164 M216 D252 M107 M162 M165 D236 M181 M61 M145 M17 M23 M16 D267 D248 M72 M151 M75 M86 Gauntlet of rust Ring of lightning flashes Belt of battle Blood claw choker 
SP 

Boots of speed Dove's harp Flesheater Goggles of night Golem manual, clay Horn of plenty Mantle of second chances Medallion of thoughts Pipes of pain Psychoactive skin of the claw Riding boots Ring of energy resistance, minor Ring of spell-battle Rod of wonder Ruby cincture of immutability Runestaff of entrapment Runestaff of size alteration Shirt of resilience Spare hand Vest of free movement 
SP 
Wand bracelet Water cloak Winged vest 
SP 
Serpent armor Hawkfeather armor Scroll of resurrection (D) Chromatic rod 
R

Rogue blade Bow of songs Boccob's blessed book Hat of anonymity Ring of chameleon power Shifter's sorrow Cannith goggles Cloak of soulbound resistance, greater Fireflower pendant Gem of brightness Lyre of building Monk's belt Python rod 
Item Name 
Kyton armor Breastplate of terror 
SP 

Memento magica, 3rd-level spell Choker of life protection 
SP 

Cloak of arachnida Gloves of the titan's grip Harrow rod Metamagic rod, Chaining, lesser Metamagic rod, Maximize, lesser Runestaff of night Tentacle rod Veil of allure Electric eel hide Wight armor Bearskin armor Stone horse, destrier Belt of dwarvenkind Badge of the svirfneblin Banner of the storm's eye Blindhelm Circlet of rapid casting 
22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67-70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 
M93 M112 M118 D264 M171 M170 M172 D233 D235 M58 M181 M134 M134 M134 M134 M135 M135 M135 M186 M142 D260 D263 D256 M68 D246 D248 D250 D253 D253 M154 D257 M107 D258 D263 D263 M122 M124 M182 M182 D266 M212 M133 M147 M147 D250 M282 M24 D256 D220 D244 D252 M16 D250 D256 M22 D221 D246 M85 M157 M108 D260 M122 M124 D232 D233 M130 M180 

Desperation chain 
Incarnum focus (DM's choice) 
Moonstone mask 
Periapt of wound closure 
Psychoactive skin of nimbleness 
Psychoactive skin of the chameleon 
Quiver of energy 
Ring of water walking 
Rod of flame extinguishing 
Rod of whips 
Runestaff of opening 
Shirt of angels 
Shirt of demonskin 
Shirt of the fey 
Shirt of the inevitable 
Shirt of ironskin 
Shirt of slaadskin 
Shirt of the moon 
Spider rod 
Third eye repudiate 
Horn of the tritons 
Pearl of the sirines 
Figurine of wondrous power, onyx dog 
Amulet of catapsi 
Amulet of health +4 
Belt of giant strength +4 
Bracers of armor +4 
Cloak of Charisma +4 
Cloak of resistance +4 
Cognizance crystal, 7 points 
Gloves of Dexterity +4 
Goggles of draconic vision 
Headband of intellect +4 
Pearl of power, 4th-level spell 
Periapt of Wisdom +4 
Ring of dragon friendship 
Ring of greater counterspells 
Runestaff of the undying 
Runestaff of vision 
Scabbard of keen edges 
Serpent veil 
SP 

Shadow veil 
Vest of resistance +4 
War wizard cloak 
Winged boots 
+4 armor/shield 
Zombie hide armor Figurine of wondrous power, golden lions Dwarven plate Staff of charming 
Chime of interruption 
Armor of the fallen leaves 
R

Broom of flying 
Figurine of wondrous power, marble elephant 
Tigerskin armor 
Winged shield 
Amulet of natural armor +3 
Chasuble of fell power, greater Dragondoom scepter 
Goggles of the ebon hunter 
loun stone, iridescent spindle 
Ring of divergence 
Ring of the icy soul 
Ring of protection +3 
Ring of spell storing, minor 
Rogue's vest 
Runestaff of forced happiness 
92  M139  Surge crystal  69  M136  Shroud of scales  
93-100  M282  +3 weapon  70  M142  Third eye sense  
71  M20  Overhead shield  

15TH-LEVEL ITEMS 
Metamagic rod, Substitution, greater Metamagic rod, Enlarge, greater Metamagic rod, Extend, greater Metamagic rod, Sculpting, greater Metamagic rod, Silent, greater Quarterstaff of battle Plate armor of the deep Staff of swarming insects Bracers of archery, greater Bracers of armor +5 Cloak of resistance +5 Cognizance crystal, 9 points Eyes of doom Magic siphon Pearl of power, 5th-level spell Ring of evasion Ring of master artifice Ring of X-ray vision Rod of splendor Rod of withering Runestaff of conjuration Runestaff of evocation Runestaff of transmutation Vest of resistance +5 +5 armor/shield 
Item Name 

Maul of the titans Breastplate of command Oathbow Sword of life stealing Bracers of dawn Cloak of the bat 
Cloak of thorns 

Iron bands of Bilarro 
Ring of soulbound protection, greater 
Runestaff of cacophony 
Scourge of pain 

Mithral full plate of speed 
Cube of frost resistance Helm of telepathy Periapt of proof against poison Ring of blinking Robe of scintillating colors Runestaff of destruction Manual of bodily health +1 Manual of gainful exercise +1 Manual of quickness in action +1 
Tome of clear thought +1 
Tome of leadership and influence +1 
Tome of understanding +1 
Staff of healing 

Dimensional shackles 
Ring of energy resistance, major Figurine of wondrous power, obsidian steed 
Staff of fire 

Scroll of true resurrection (D) 
Staff of size alteration 
Drums of panic 

loun stone, orange prism 
loun stone, pale green prism 
Lantern of revealing 
Ring of vanishing 
Rings of force armor (pair) 
Item Name 
Assassin's dagger Cli lyre Dragonrider armor Rod of enervating strike Rod of freedom Trident of fish command Banded mail of luck Bracelet of friends Runestaff of illusion Runestaff of transportation Viper rod Beholder crown Bone ring Carpet of flying, 5 ft. by 5 ft. Casting glove Crystal mask of insight Eyes of power leech, vampiric Horn of blasting Ioun stone, pale lavender ellipsoid Ioun stone, pearly white spindle Lens of the desert Portable hole Ring of arcane might Ring of invisibility Ring of wizardry I Runestaff of frost Scarab of stabilization Stone of good luck Water whip Dagger of denial 
R
Ruby blade 
R
Cudgel that never forgets 
R
Chain of obeisance 
R
Flame tongue Figurine of wondrous power, ivory goats Gwaeron's belt Robe of arcane might Rope of entanglement Runestaff of divination Exoskeleton armor Boots of the mountain king, greater Cloak of battle Golem manual, stone Mask of the skull Turquoise veil 
SP 
Luck blade (0 wishes) Lash of sands Sword of subtlety Sword of the planes Celestial armor Runestaff of the artisan Nine lives stealer Mattock of the titans Rod of enemy detection Circlet of blasting, major Amulet of mighty fists +2 Cloak of displacement, minor Helm of underwater action Memento magica, 4th-level spell Mind blade gauntlet Psychoactive skin of celestial embrace Psychoactive skin of fiendish embrace Runestaff of earth and stone 
16TH-LEVEL ITEMS 

d% 
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 
11 12 13 14-15 16-17 18 19 
21-22 23-24 25 26-27 28 29 
31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 
41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 
51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 
61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 
Page 
D226 M154 M17 M57 M57 D229 D220 D250 M180 M182 D237 M73 M75 D252 M84 M91 M98 D259 D260 D260 M163 D264 M121 D232 D233 M180 M132 D267 M63 M50 M58 M49 M48 D226 D256 M109 M129 D266 M177 M18 M78 M87 D258 D262 M212 D227 M53 D228 D228 D220 M176 D227 D262 D235 D252 D246 D253 D259 M164 M117 M170 M170 M178 
72 
73 
74 
75 
76 
77 
78 
79 
80 
81 
82-83 
84 
85 
86 
87 
88 
89 
90 
91 
92 
93 
94 
95 
96 
97-100 
d% 
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19-20 21-22 23-24 25-26 27-28 29-30 31-32 33 34-35 36 37-38 39-45 46 47 48-49 50-51 52-53 54 55-56 
M165 
D236 
D236 
M165 
D236 
M54 
D220 
D245 
D250 
D250 
D253 
M154 
D256 
M164 
D263 
D232 
M125 
D233 
D236 
D237 
M177 
M178 
M182 
M147 
M282 

Page 
D262 D220 D227 D228 M80 D252 M88 D261 M127 M177 M59 D220 D253 D259 D263 D230 D265 M177 D261 D262 D262 D268 D268 D268 D244 D255 D232 D256 D244 P296 D245 D255 D260 D260 D261 M128 M128 

57  D265  Robe of blending  96-97  D229  Sylvan scimitar  
58  M176  Runestaff of the architect  98  D263  Orb of storms  
59  M178  Runestaff of ethereal action  99  M178  Runestaff of fiendish darkness  
60-62  D246  Amulet of natural armor +4  100  M62  Tentacle rod, greater  
63  M170  Psychoactive skin of the defender  

18TH-LEV EL ITEM: 5 

64-66 D232 Ring of protection +4 
d% Page Item Name 
67 M176 Runestaff of abjuration 01 D244 Staff of illumination 68 M178 Runestaff of enchantment 02 D250 Boots of teleportation 69 M180 Runestaff of necromancy 03-05 D250 Bracers of armor +7 70-87 M282 +4 weapon 06 M154 Cognizance crystal, 13 points 88 M150 Anstruth harp 07 D263 Pearl of power, 7th-level spell 89 D236 Metamagic rod, Empower 08-13 M282 +7 armor/shield 90 M165 Metamagic rod, Reach 14 D246 Amulet of natural armor +5 91 D237 Rod of thunder and lightning 15 D253 Cloak of displacement, major 92 M112 Impervious vestment 16 M206 Cloudwalker anklets 93 M180 Runestaff of illumination 
SP 

17 D253 Crystal ball with see invisibility 94 D247 Amulet of proof against detection and location 18 D260 Horn of Valhalla 95-96 D252 Carpet of flying, 5 ft. by 10 ft. 
19 M210 Phoenix cloak97 D258 Golem manual, iron 
SP 

20 D232 Ring of friend shield (pair) 98 D236 Metamagic rod, Quicken, lesser 21-24 D232 Ring of protection +5 99-100 M182 Runestaff of time 25 D232 Ring of shooting stars 
17TH-LEVEL ITEMS 26 D233 Ring of spell storing d% Page Item Name 27 D234 Rod of absorption 01-03 D246 Amulet of health +6 28 D235 Rod of flailing 04-06 D248 Belt of giant strength +6 29-42 M282 +5 weapon 07-08 D250 Bracers of armor +6 43 M166 Ollamh harp 09-11 D253 Cloak of Charisma +6 44 D221 Absorbing shield 12 M88 Cloak of the salamander, greater 45 D227 Rapier of puncturing 13 M154 Cognizance crystal, 11 points 46 D228 Sun blade 14-16 D257 Cloves of Dexterity +6 47 D253 Crystal ball with detect thoughts 17-19 D258 Headband of intellect +6 48 D220 Demon armor 20 D260 Ioun stone, vibrant purple prism 49 D246 Amulet of mighty fists +3 21-22 D263 Pearl of power, 6th-level spell 50 M164 Memento magica, 6th-level spell 23-25 D263 Periapt of Wisdom +6 51 M165 Metamagic rod, Chaining 26-27 M126 Ring of negative protection 52-53 D236 Metamagic rod, Maximize 28-29 M126 Ring of positive protection 54 D268 Wings of flying 30 M190 Truelight lantern 55 D226 Frost brand 31-39 M282 +6 armor/shield 56 D253 Cloak of etherealness 40 M23 Vampire hide armor 57 D254 Daern's instant fortress 41 M129 Robe of the inferno 58 M95 Dragon's eye amulet 42-43 D236 Rod of negation 59-60 D261 Manual of bodily health +2 44-45 M182 Runestaff of the undead slayer 61-62 D262 Manual of gainful exercise +2 46-47 M164 Memento magica, 5th-level spell 63-64 D262 Manual of quickness in action +2 48-49 M206 Robe of thunder 65-66 D268 Tome of clear thought +2 
SP 

50-51 D266 Scarab of protection 67-68 D268 Tome of leadership and influence +2 52 M51 Explosive sling 69-70 D268 Tome of understanding +2 53-54 M181 Runestaff of power 71 D256 Eyes of charming 55 D227 Mace of terror 72 D244 Staff of frost 56-57 M56 Rod of celestial might 73 D265 Robe of stars 58-59 M70 Amulet of second chances 74 D244 Staff of defense 60-62 D260 loun stone, lavender and green ellipsoid 75-76 D252 Carpet of flying, 10 ft. by 10 ft. 63 M171 Psychoactive skin of iron 77 D254 Darkskull 64 M172 Psychoactive skin of the spider 78 M171 Psychoactive skin of fiery response 65 D265 Ring gates 79-81 M128 Ring of universal energy resistance, minor 66-71 D232 Ring of freedom of movement 82 M173 Rod of force 72-73 D233 Ring of wizardry II 83 D236 Rod of rulership 74-75 M132 Scarab of invulnerability 84 D226 Dwarven thrower 76 D227 Life-drinker 85 M172 Psychoactive skin of the troll 77-78 M17 Earthplate armor 86 M125 Ring of master artifice, greater 79 D253 Crystal ball 87 D236 Rod of security 80 M117 Mind blade gauntlet, greater 88 D253 Cube of force 81-82 M79 Boots of temporal acceleration 89 D227 Luck blade (1 wish) 83 D258 Golem manual, greater stone 90-93 D250 Bracers of armor +8 84-88 D232 Ring of energy resistance, greater 94 M154 Cognizance crystal, 15 points 89-90 M126 Ring of nine lives 95 D263 Pearl of power, 8th-level spell 91-92 D267 Strand of prayer beads 96-100 M282 +8 armor/shield 93-95 M180 Runestaff of insanity 
19TH-LEVEL ITEMS 
d% 
01-03 04-06 07-09 10-12 13-15 16-18 19-21 22-23 24-25 26-28 29-32 33-36 37-52 53-56 57-60 61-62 63-66 67-70 71-73 74-77 78-81 82-85 86-87 88-91 92-94 95-96 97-100 
Page 
D243 
D244 
D244 
D244 
D244 
D244 
D245 
D253 
D259 
D263 
D233 
D235 
M282 
D236 
M165 
D259 
M164 
D244 
D257 
D233 
D265 
M181 
D227 
D236 
D261 
M171 
D253 

20TH-LEVEL ITEMS 
d% 
01-03 04-05 06-08 09-14 
15 
16-19 20-23 24-27 28-31 32-35 36-39 40-42 43 44-47 48-49 50-53 54-55 56-57 58-59 60-61 62-65 66-67 68-82 83-84 85-86 87-88 89-90 91-92 93-94 95-100 
Page 
D244 M154 D263 M282 D268 D261 D262 D262 D268 D268 D268 D234 D247 D261 M172 D232 D262 D267 D246 M164 D233 D256 M282 D233 D250 D250 D252 D233 D267 M282 
Item Name 
Staff of abjuration 
Staff of conjuration 
Staff of enchantment 
Staff of evocation 
Staff of illusion 
Staff of necromancy 
Staff of transmutation 
Crystal ball with telepathy 
Horn of blasting, greater 
Pearl of power, two spells 
Ring of wizardry III 
Rod of lordly might 
+6 weapon 
Metamagic rod, Empower, greater 
Metamagic rod, Reach, greater 
Helm of teleportation 
Memento magica, 7th-level spell 
Staff of divination 
Gem of seeing 
Ring of telekinesis 
Robe of the archmagi 
Runestaff of passage 
Mace of smiting 
Metamagic rod, Quicken 
Mantle of faith 
Psychoactive skin of the hero 
Crystal ball with true seeing 
Item Name 
Staff of earth and stone 
Cognizance crystal, 17 points Pearl of power, 9th-level spell 
+9 armor/shield 
Well of many worlds Manual of bodily health +3 Manual of gainful exercise +3 Manual of quickness in action +3 
Tome of clear thought +3 
Tome of leadership and influence +3 
Tome of understanding +3 Rod of alertness 
Apparatus of Kwalish Mantle of spell resistance Psychoactive skin of the psion Ring of regeneration 
Mirror of opposition 
Strand of prayer beads, greater 
Amulet of mighty fists +4 Memento magica, 8th-level spell Ring of three wishes 
Eyes of petrification 
+7 weapon 
Ring of spell turning 
Bowl of commanding water elementals 
Brazier of commanding fire elementals 
Censer of controlling air elementals 
Ring of wizardry IV 
Stone of controlling earth elementals 
+10 armor/shield 
21ST-LEVEL ITEMS 
Item Name 

Staff of the woodlands Luck blade (2 wishes) Manual of bodily health +4 Manual of gainful exercise +4 Manual of quickness in action +4 Tome of clear thought +4 Tome of leadership and influence +4 Tome of understanding +4 Amulet of the planes Ring of universal energy resistance, major Robe of eyes Third eye conceal Third eye dominate 
Item Name 

Holy avenger Memento magica, 9th-level spell Metamagic rod, Chaining, greater Metamagic rod, Maximize, greater Helm of brilliance Ring of djinni calling +8 weapon Manual of bodily health +5 Manual of gainful exercise +5 Manual of quickness in action +5 Tome of clear thought +5 Tome of leadership and influence +5 Tome of understanding +5 
Item Name 

Luck blade (3 wishes) Efreeti bottle Amulet of mighty fists +5 Staff of life Chaos diamond 
Item Name 

+9 weapon Cubic gate Iron flask Metamagic rod, Quicken, greater Staff of passage Mirror of mental prowess Ring of universal energy resistance, greater 
Item Name 

Mirror of life trapping 
Ring of elemental command (air) 
Ring of elemental command (earth) 
Ring of elemental command (fire) 
Ring of elemental command (water) 
Ring of spell storing, major 
Vest of the archmagi 
+10 weapon 
Staff of power* 

* Though this item's price actually puts it at 26th level, it is included in this list. 
d% 
01-06 07-14 15-23 24-32 33-41 42-50 51-59 60-68 69-74 75-83 84-90 91-95 96-100 
Page 
D245 D227 D261 D262 D262 D268 D268 D268 D247 M128 D265 M141 M141 
22ND-LEVEL ITEMS 
d% 
01-10 
11-15 16-20 21-25 26-29 30-33 34-58 59-65 66-72 73-79 80-86 87-93 94-100 
d% 
01-30 31-40 41-51 52-61 62-73 74-81 82-100 
Page 
D226 
M164 
M165 
D236 
D258 
D230 
M282 
D261 
D262 
D262 
D268 
D268 
D268 

23RD-LEVEL ITEMS d% Page 01-25 D227 26-43 D255 44-63 D246 64-83 D244 84-100 D252 
24TH-LEVEL ITEMS 
Page 
M282 
D254 
D261 
D236 
D245 
D262 
M128 

25TH-LEVEL ITEMS 
d%
01-08 09-16 17-24 25-32 33-40 41-50 51-58 59-88 89-100 
 Page 
D262 
D231 
D231 
D231 
D231 
D233 
M145 
M282 
D245 


24 Falchion 375 gp 
RANDOM ARMOR, 
25 Flail, dire 690 gp 26 Flail, heavy 315 gp 
SHIELDS, AND WEAPONS 27 
Flail, light 308 gp 
To randomly generate magic armor, weapons, or shields, follow 
28 Gauntlet 302 gp 
these steps: 
29 Gauntlet, spiked 305 gp 
Step 1: Determine the item's type by rolling on Table A-3 : 
30 Glaive 308 gp 
Random Armor/Shield Types or Table A-4 : Random Weapon 
31-32 Greataxe 320 gp 
Types. If you are creating an item with a +1 enhancement bonus, 
33 Greatclub 305 gp 
you're done. Otherwise, go to Step 2. 
34-35 Greatsword 350 gp 
Step 2: Go to the table showing the correct bonus value. For 
36 Guisarme 309 gp 
example, if you rolled +5 full plate, use the +5 Bonus Table (page 
37 Halberd 310 gp 285). This table will tell you whether the item has only an enhance­38 Hammer, gnome hooked 620 gp ment bonus or both an enhancement bonus and one or more 39 Hammer, light 301 gp properties. 40 Handaxe 306 gp Step 3: If you need to determine any properties, go to Table 41 Javelin 301 gp A-5 : Random Armor/Shield Properties or Table A-6 : Random 42 Kama 302 gp Weapon Properties. For armor and shields, roll on the left per­43 Kukri 308 gp centile column if you are generating armor and on the right for 44 Lance 310 gp a shield. For weapons, roll on the left percentile column for a 45-46 Longbow 375 gp melee weapon and the right column for a ranged one. Items that 47 Longbow, composite (+0 Str bonus) 400 gp are restricted to more specific types of weapons have footnotes. 48 Longbow, composite (+1 Str bonus) 500 gp If you roll a property that is inappropriate for that type of item 49 Longbow, composite (+2 Str bonus) 600 gp (as indicated by a note beneath the table), reroll. 50 Longbow, composite (+3 Str bonus) 700 gp 51 Longbow, composite (+4 Str bonus) 800 gp 52 Longbow, composite (+5 Str bonus) 900 gp 
TABLE A-3: RANDOM ARMOR/SHIELD TYPES 
53 Longspear 305 gp 
d% Armor or Shield Price 
54-55 Longsword 315 gp 01-02 Padded 155 gp 56-57 Mace, heavy 312 gp 03-06 Leather 160 gp 58 Mace, light 305 gp 07-21 Studded leather 175 gp 59 Morningstar 308 gp 22-37 Chain shirt 250 gp 60 Net 320 gp 38-52 Hide 165 gp 61 Nunchaku 302 gp 53-55 Scale mail 200 gp 62 Pick, heavy 308 gp 56-59 Chainmail 300 gp 63 Pick, light 304 gp 60-74 Breastplate 350 gp 64-65 Quarterstaff 600 gp 75-77 Splint mail 350 gp 66 Ranseur 310 gp 78-81 Banded mail 400 gp 67-68 Rapier 320 gp 82-85 Half-plate 750 gp 69 Sai 301 gp 86-92 Full plate 1,650 gp 70 Sap 301 gp 93 Buckler 165 gp 71-72 Scimitar 315 gp 94-95 Shield, light wooden 153 gp 73 Scythe 318 gp 96 Shield, light steel 159 gp 74-75 Shortbow 330 gp 97-98 Shield, heavy wooden 157 gp 76 Shortbow, composite (+0 Str bonus) 375 gp 99 Shield, heavy steel 170 gp 77 Shortbow, composite (+1 Str bonus) 450 gp 100 Shield, tower 180 gp 78 Shortbow, composite (+2 Str bonus) 525 gp 
TABLE A-4: RANDOM WEAPON TYPES 79 Shortbow, composite (+3 Str bonus) 625 gp d% Weapon Price 80 Shortbow, composite (+4 Str bonus) 725 gp 01-02 Arrows (50) 350 gp 81 Shortbow, composite (+5 Str bonus) 825 gp 03 Axe, orc double 660 gp 82-83 Shortspear 301 gp 04 Axe, throwing 308 gp 84 Shuriken 301 gp 05 Battleaxe 310 gp 85 Siangham 303 gp 06 Bolas 305 gp 86 Sickle 306 gp 07-08 Bolts, crossbow (50) 350 gp 87-88 Sling 300 gp 09-10 Bullets, sling (50) 350 gp 89 Spear 302 gp 11 Chain, spiked 325 gp 90-91 Sword, bastard 335 gp 12 Club 300 gp 92-93 Sword, short 310gp 13 Crossbow, hand 400 gp 94 Sword, two-bladed 700 gp 14-15 Crossbow, heavy 350 gp 95 Trident 315 gp 16-17 Crossbow, light 335 gp 96 Urgrosh, dwarven 650 gp 18 Crossbow, repeating heavy 700 gp 97 Waraxe, dwarven 330 gp 19 Crossbow, repeating light 550 gp 98 Warhammer 312 gp 20-21 Dagger 302 gp 99 Whip 301 gp 22 Dagger, punching 302 gp 100 Other/DM's choice — 23 Dart 300 gp 
+2 BONUS d% 
01-62 63-100 
+3 BONUS d% 
01-44 45-79 80-91 92-100 
+4 BONUS d% 
01-44 45-79 80-91 92-100 
+5 BONUS d% 
01-40 41-75 76-88 89-95 96-100 
+6 BONUS d% 
01-43 44-77 78-89 90-95 96-100 
+7 BONUS d% 
01-47 48-79 80-92 93-100 
+8 BONUS d% 01-52 53-85 86-100 
+9 BONUS d% 01-52 53-85 86-100 
+10 BONUS d% 01-50 51-85 86-100 
Enhancement Bonus/Property 
+2 enhancement +1 enhancement, +1 property 
Enhancement Bonus/Property 
+3 enhancement +2 enhancement, +1 property +1 enhancement, +2 property +1 enhancement, two +1 properties 
Enhancement Bonus/Property 
+4 enhancement +3 enhancement, +1 property +2 enhancement, +2 property +1 enhancement, +3 property 
Enhancement Bonus/Property 
+5 enhancement +4 enhancement, +1 property +3 enhancement, +2 property +2 enhancement, +3 property +1 enhancement, +4 property 
Enhancement Bonus/Property 
+5 enhancement, +1 property +4 enhancement, +2 property +3 enhancement, +3 property +2 enhancement, +4 property +1 enhancement, +5 property 
Enhancement Bonus/Property 
+5 enhancement, +2 property +4 enhancement, +3 property +3 enhancement, +4 property +2 enhancement, +5 property 
Enhancement Bonus/Property 
+5 enhancement, +3 property +4 enhancement, +4 property +3 enhancement, +5 property 
Enhancement Bonus/Property 

+5 enhancement, +4 property +4 enhancement, +3 property, +2 property +4 enhancement, +5 property* 
Enhancement Bonus/Property 

+5 enhancement, +3 property, +2 property +5 enhancement, +5 property +4 enhancement, two +3 properties 
12-14 15-17 M9 Commander 
15-17 — D219 Glamered 
18-20 18-23 M9 Daylight 
21-24 24-29 M13 Mindarmor 
25-27 30-32 M6 Acidic 
28-31 33-36 M6 Anchoring 

— 
37-40 D218 Arrow catching 

— 
41-48 D218 Bashing 

— 
49-56 D218 Blinding 
32-35 — M9 Blurring 
36-38 57-59 M10 Death ward 
39-41 — M10 Displacement 
42-44 — M10 Dragondodger 



2

45-47 — M10 Ectoplasmic feedback 48-50 60-68 D219 Fortification, light 51-54 69-76 M11 Ghost ward 55-58 — M13 Mobility 
2

59-62 — M13 Nimbleness 
— 77-84 M13 Ranged 
4

63-64 85-89 M14 Soulbound 
65-67 — M15 Styptic 
68-70 — M15 Twilight 

— 90-100 M15 Variable 71-73 — M7 Balance 74-77 — D219 Shadow 78-81 — D219 Silent moves 82-85 — D219 Slick 86-88 — M9 Buoyant 89-91 — M12 Landing 92-94 — M6 Agility, improved 
S

95-97 — M15 Stamina, improved 
S

98-100 — M13 Quickness 
+2 PROPERTY Armor Shield d% d% Page Item Name 01-03 — M11 Gilled 04-08 01-08 M12 Linked 
— 09-13 M12 Manifester 09-17 14-20 M14 Speed 18-25 — M12 Healing 26-32 21-24 M6 Anchoring, greater 
S 

— 
25-33 D218 Animated 

— 
34-41 D218 Arrow deflection 33-39 42-49 M7 Axeblock 40-43 — M7 Beastskin 

— 
50-57 M11 Ectoplasmic wall 44-51 58-66 M11 Energy defense 


S,3 

52-60 67-75 M11 Energy immunity 
3

61-67 76-83 M12 Hammerblock 68-73 — M14 Retaliation 74-80 84-91 M14 Spearblock 81-88 92-100 D219 Spell resistance (13) 89-93 — M15 Woodwalk 94-100 — M12 Magic-eating 
+3 PROPERTY Armor Shield 

TABLE A-5: RANDOM ARMOR/SHIELD PROPERTIES 
d% d% 

+1 PROPERTY 
01 — 

Armor Shield 
02-05 — 

d% d% Page Item Name 
06-09 — 

01-02 — M6 Agility 
10-13 — 

03-04 — M15 Stamina 
14-17 — 

— 01-07 M12 Heartening 
18-22 — 

05-06 — M9 Blueshine 
23-26 01-07 
1

07-08 — M10 Easy travel 
27-31 — 

09-11 08-14 M9 Called 
Page 
M10 M7 M6 M15 M7 M9 M11 D219 

Item Name 
Deepdweller Balance, improved 
S

Agility, greater 
S

Stamina, greater 
S

Bane blind Blinking Fearsome Shadow, improved 
32-37 — D219 Silent moves, improved TABLE A-6: RANDOM WEAPON PROPERTIES 
38-42  —  D219  Slick, improved  +1 
—  08-14  M7  Averter  
43-46  —  M9  Blurring, greater  
47-51  15-22  D219  SFortification, moderate  
52-55  23-30  D219  Ghost touch  
56-59  —  D219  Invulnerability  
60-62  —  M14  Roaring  
63-64  31-33  M14  Soulbound, greater  
65-69  34-42  D219  SSpell resistance (15)  
70-73  43-49  M15  Vanishing  
74-76  50-54  D219  Wild  
77-81  55-63  D217  Acid resistance  
82-86  64-72  D218  Cold resistance  
87-91  73-81  D218  Electricity resistance  
92-96  82-90  D218  Fire resistance  
97-99  91-98  D219  Sonic resistance  
100  99-100  —  +2 property, +1 property  
+4  PROPERTY  
Armor  Shield  
d%  d%  Page  Item Name  
01-07  —  M13  Radiant  
08-19  01-37  D219  Spell resistance (17)  
20-28  —  M13  Menacing  
29-38  —  M12  Healing, greater  
39-48  —  M7  SBalance, greater  
49-58  —  D219  SShadow, greater  
59-69  —  D219  Silent moves, greater  
70-78  —  D219  Slick, greater  
79-89  38-62  —  +3 property, +1 property  
90-100  63-100  —  two +2 properties  
+5  PROPERTY  
Armor  Shield  
d%  d%  Page  Item Name  
01-04  01-04  D219  Fortification, heavy  
05-09  —  M11  Freedom  
—  05-11  D219  Reflecting  
10-15  12-18  D219  Spell resistance (19)  
—  19-24  M15  Time buttress  
16-19  25-28  M6  Aporter  
20-24  —  M12  Masking  
25-32  29-36  D217  Acid resistance, improved  
33-40  37-44  D218  Cold resistance, improved  
41-48  45-52  D218  Electricity resistance, improved  
49-56  53-60  D219  Fire resistance, improved  
57-63  61-67  D219  Sonic resistance, improved  
64-68  —  D218  Etherealness  
69-70  68-69  D219  Undead controlling  
71-76  70-75  D218  Acid resistance, greater  
77-82  76-81  D218  Cold resistance, greater  
83-88  82-87  D218  Electricity resistance, greater  
89-94  88-93  D219  Fire resistance, greater  
95-98  94-98  D219  Sonic resistance, greater  
99  99  —  +4 property, +1 property  
100  100  —  +3 property, +2 property  

S Synergy items include the value of their synergy 
prerequisite properties. 1 Metal armor only. 2 Light armor only. 3 The DM chooses the type of energy for this item. 4 Can't be applied to tower shields. 
 BONUS Melee d% 
01 02 03-04 05 06 07 08-09 10-11 
— 
12-13 14 15 16 17-18 19 20 21 22 23 24-25 26 27-28 29 30 31-32 33 
— 
34 35 
— 
36-37 38-40 41-43 44-45 46 47-48 49 50 51-52 53 54-57 58 59 60-61 62 63 64 65-66 67 68 69-70 71 72 
— 
73 74 
— 
75 
— 
76 77 78 
Ranged d% 
01 
02 
— 
03 04-05 06-07 08-09 10-11 12-13 14-15 
— 
16 
17-18 
— — — — — — 
19-20 21-22 
— 
— 
23-24 25 26-27 28-29 30-31 
— 
32-33 
— 
34-36 37-39 
— 
— 
40-41 42-43 44-45 46-47 
— 
— 
— 
48-49 50-51 52-53 54-55 56 
— — 
57-58 59-60 
— 
61 62-64 65-66 67-68 69-71 
— 
72-73 74-75 76-77 78-79 

Page 
M36 M28 M31 M34 M36 M43 M43 M43 M28 D224 M29 M29 M29 M29 M29 M30 M30 M31 M31 M31 M32 D224 M32 M32 M32 M33 D224 M33 M33 M33 M34 D224 D224 D224 M35 M36 M36 M36 M37 M37 D225 D225 M38 M38 M38 M38 D225 D225 M39 M39 M39 M39 M40 M40 M40 M41 M41 M42 D225 M42 M42 M42 
Item Name 
Illuminating Aquatic Changeling 
1
Everbright Hideaway Shadowstrike Sizing Slow burst Arcane might 
2
Bane (roll on table in DMG) Berserker 
3
Binding Blessed Bloodfeeding Bloodstone Brash Brutal surge Chargebreaker Charging Corrosive Deadly precision Defending Defensive surge Dessicating Dislocator Dispelling Distance Divine wrath Dragondoom Dragonhunter Eager Flaming Frost Ghost touch Harmonizing Heavenly burst Hunting Illusion bane Impact 
5
Impaling 
6
Keen 
7
Ki focus Knockback Lucky Magebane Maiming Merciful Mighty cleaving Mighty smiting Mindfeeder Morphing 
8
Paralyzing Power storing Precise Profane Psychokinetic Quick loading 
9
Resounding Returning Revealing Sacred Screaming 

— 80-81 D225  Seeking  87-88 92 M45 Terran  
79 82-83 M43  Shattermantle  89-91 93-96 M45 Transmuting  
80 — M43  Shielding  92-93 97-98 D226 Unholy  
81-83 84-85 D225  1 0 Shock  94-95 — M45 Vampiric  
84 86 M43  Soulbound  96-98 — D226 Wounding  
85-87 — D225  Spell storing  99-100 99-100 — two +1 properties  
88 87 M44  Spellstrike  
+3 BONUS  
89 88-89 M44  Stunning surge  
Melee Ranged  
90 90-91 M44  Stygian  
d% d% Page Item Name  
91 — M44  Sundering  
01-09 01-12 M40 Prismatic burst  
92 — M44  Sweeping  
10-17 13-23 M30 Bodyfeeder  
93 — D226  Throwing  
18-25 24-32 M31 Cursespewing  
94 92-94 D225  Thundering  
26-32 — M34 Ethereal reaver  
95 95-96 M45  Venomous  
96-97 — D226  Vicious  33-39 40-47 — 33-45 M36 M37 Holy surge SImplacable 
98 97-98 M46  Warning  
48-54 — M39 Necrotic focus  
99 99-100 M46  Weakening  
55-57 46-53 M43 Soulbound, greater 
100 — M46  Whirling  58-61 54-59 M44 SSoulbreaker  
+2 BONUS  62-66 60-64 M44 SSouldrinking  
Melee Ranged  67-76 65-78 D225 SSpeed  
d% d% Page  Item Name  77-84 — M45 Unholy surge  
01 — M45  Vanishing  85-92 79-89 M37 SIllusion theft  
02 01 M38  Manifester  93-100 90-100 — 5+2 property, +1 property  
03-04 02-04 M28  Acidic burst  
05-06 05-06 D223  SAnarchic  +4 BONUS  
Melee Ranged  
07 07 M28  Aquan  
d% d% Page Item Name  
08 08 M28  Auran  
01-19 01-31 D224 Brilliant energy  
09-10 09-10 D223  Axiomatic  
20-41 — D224 Dancing  
11-12 11-12 M28  Banishing  
42-64 32-61 — +3 property, +1 property  
13-14 13-15 M29  Blindsighted  
65-83 62-82 — +2 property, +2 property  
15-16 — M29  Blurstrike  
84-100 83-100 — +2 property, two +1 properties  
17-18 16-17 M31  Collision  
19-20 18-19 M31  Consumptive  +5 BONUS  
21-22 20-21 M32  Dessicating burst  Melee Ranged  
23 22-23 M32  SDisarming  d% d% Page Item Name  
24-25 24-26 M33  Dislocator, great  01-20 — D226 Vorpal  
26-27 27-28 M33  SDispelling, greater  21-40 01-38 — 1 1 +4 property, +1 property  
28-29 — D224  SDisruption  41-60 39-71 — +3 property, +2 property  
30-31 29-30 M33  5Domineering  61-80 72-91 — two +2 properties, +1 property  
32-33 31-33 M33  Doom burst  81-100 92-100 — +2 property, three +1 properties  
34-35 34-36 M34  Energy aura  S Synergy items include the value of their synergy  
36-37 — M34  Energy surge  prerequisite properties.  
38-39 37-38 M34  S,4 Enervating  1 Spears, shortspears, or longspears only.  
40-41 39-40 M35  Fiercebane  2 Bows only (not crossbows).  
42-44 41-45 D224  SFlaming burst  3 Two-handed weapons only.  
45-46 — M35  Fleshgrinding  4 The DM chooses the type of energy for this item.  
— 46-48 M35  7Force  5 Bludgeoning weapons only.  
47-48 — M35  Ghost strike  6 Piercing weapons only.  
49-51 49-51 D225  SHoly  7 Piercing or slashing weapons only.  
52-54 52-56 D225  Icy burst  8 Melee or thrown weapons only.  
55 57 M36  Ignan  9 Crossbows only  
56-57 58-60 M37  Impedance  10 Light weapons only.  
58-59 — M38  Incorporeal binding  11 Slashing weapons only.  
60-61 61-63 M38  SMetalline  
62-63 64-65 M39  Mindcrusher  
64-65 66-67 M39  Paralytic burst  
66-67 68-69 M40  Parrying  
68-69 70-71 M40  Profane burst  
70-71 72-73 M41  SPsibane  
72-73 74-75 M41  Psychic  
74-75 76-77 M41  Psychokinetic burst  
76-77 78-79 M42  SSacred burst  
78-79 80-82 M42  SScreaming burst  
80-83 83-88 D225  SShocking burst  
84-86 89-91 M44  Stunning  
S  









